"eating and drinking establishments. . "
"eating and drinking establishments. restaurants. "
"eating and drinking establishments. bars. "
"eating and drinking establishments. fast food establishments. "
"eating and drinking establishments. on street food vendors. "
"banquet and catering services. . "
"banquet and catering services. banquet facilities. "
"banquet and catering services. party tent services. "
"banquet and catering services. catering services. "
"banquet and catering services. construction or work site catering services. "
"banquet and catering services. food service for transportation operators. "
"cafeteria services. . "
"cafeteria services. on site cafeteria management. "
"carryout and takeaway services. . "
"carryout and takeaway services. professionally prepared carryout meals. "
"carryout and takeaway services. delivered meals services. "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. . "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. coffee machine and grinder rental and maintenance service. rental and maintenance of expresso coffee machines and coffee grinders, for use in office or commercial environments. "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. coffee or hot drink vending machine rental and maintenance service. rental and maintenance of vending machines dispensing coffee, tea, hot chocolate, soup, or other beverages.. "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. stove rental service. service provides for rental of modern stoves powered by gas (natural, propane, butane). "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. microwave oven rental service. covers rental of a kitchen appliance used to heat food. that functions through generation of electromagnetic waves.. "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. blender rental service. covers rental of an appliance containing an electric motor, which powers blades rotating and milling meals.. "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. confetti machine rental service. involves rental of a machine that produces confetti with compressed air force. it can store approximately 2 kg of confetti.. "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. tavola rental service. involves rental of a specialized metallic linear furniture used for self service of diverse foods.. "
"food and beverage equipment rental or leasing and maintenance services. commercial food preparation and dispensing equipment rental, leasing or maintenance services. propane gas balloon rental service. service involving rental of a metallic balloon containing propane gas which is highly inflammable, low toxicity, used in diverse home, industrial, and restaurant kitchens. "
