"safety apparel. . "
"safety apparel. protective aprons. "
"safety apparel. bullet proof vests. "
"safety apparel. protective coveralls. "
"safety apparel. protective gloves. "
"safety apparel. protective knee pads. "
"safety apparel. protective ponchos. "
"safety apparel. safety vests. "
"safety apparel. fire retardant apparel. "
"safety apparel. hazardous material protective apparel. "
"safety apparel. elbow protectors. "
"safety apparel. safety sleeves. "
"safety apparel. insulated or flotation suits. "
"safety apparel. heat resistant clothing. "
"safety apparel. leg protectors. "
"safety apparel. safety hoods. "
"safety apparel. protective shirts. "
"safety apparel. protective pants. "
"safety apparel. protective frock. "
"safety apparel. insulated clothing for cold environments. "
"safety apparel. protective finger cots. "
"safety apparel. reflective apparel or accessories. "
"safety apparel. lab coats. "
"safety apparel. protective coats. "
"safety apparel. protective wristbands. "
"safety apparel. protective socks or hosiery. "
"safety apparel.  anti cut gloves. this type of gloves resists cuts and is very hard to puncture, so it is perfect for professionals that must work with knives or other cutting tools.. "
"safety apparel.  insulated gloves. a glove that insulates from electricity in work of high, medium or low voltage. it is used by professionals exposed to accidents with electricity.. "
"safety apparel.  thermal gloves. a glove usually made of polyethylene, nylon, and lycra designed to resist very cold or hot environments.. "
"safety apparel.  anti vibratory gloves. a glove that cushions the hand, wrist and elbow from vibration caused by hand tool or equipment use.. "
"safety apparel.  welder gloves. gloves that provide heat, spark, and abrasion protection. they usually include a lining to make them more comfortable.. "
"safety apparel.  chemical resistant gloves. a special kind of gloves that resist several types of chemical substances such as carboxylic acids, alcohols or acetones.. "
"safety apparel.  protective mittens. this workplace item differs from gloves because it does not allow separation of fingers (except thumb finger).. "
"safety apparel.  waterproof jacket or raincoat. a rainproof coat that can be found in several forms.. "
"safety apparel.  waterproof trousers or pants. an outer garment for covering the body from the waist to the ankles, divided into sections to fit each leg separately that protects from water. alias: waterproof pants.. "
"safety apparel.  waterproof suit. a combination of waterproof jacket and trousers used by workplace professionals for work in wet environments.. "
"safety apparel.  waterproof cap. a special kind of cap that is used to protect head from water. it usually includes a bill to protect the face better.. "
"safety apparel.  waterproof cap cover. a special cover that fits over a cap and protects it from moisture.. "
"safety apparel.  welder bib. a garment for welders that protects them from sparks and excessive heat. it covers the neck and chest.. "
"safety apparel.  neck gaitor. a circular cloth or neck glove, often lined, worn around the neck to provide additional protection form cold.. "
"safety apparel.  protective scarf. a long, broad strip of wool, silk, lace, or other material worn about the neck, shoulders, or head, for protection against cold, drafts, etc.;. "
"safety apparel.  protective mesh jacket. a short coat usually extending to the hips made or covered by a metallic mesh or other material to protect the person who wear it from possible harm.. "
"safety apparel.  mining headlamp. illumination device used in underground mining for lighting. worn by miners.. "
"safety apparel.  protective wear dispenser. a device that collects and holds different types of personal protective clothing and equipment. "
"safety apparel.  cooling vest. cooling vests are designed to be worn in high temperature work enviroments. they can be considered safety or work apparel.. "
"safety footwear. . "
"safety footwear. fire retardant footwear. "
"safety footwear. hazardous material protective footwear. "
"safety footwear. safety boots. "
"safety footwear. safety shoes. "
"safety footwear. footwear covers. "
"safety footwear.  protective clogs. workplace footwear made of hard materials to protect feet from punctures or other floor threats.. "
"safety footwear.  protective sandals. workplace footwear that covers less of the foot than a normal shoe and that is made of hard materials to protect the foot from punctures or other floor threats.. "
"safety footwear.  protective insole. a type of insole insert used by professionals to increase foot protection from puncture, heat or other workplace risks.. "
"safety footwear.  insulated cold weather shoe. a pair of shoes that is worn during the winter. it is made by using fiber or leather that has less thermal conduction and larger air contents.. "
"safety footwear.  waterproof boot. a shoe that comes up to the knees for not having the feet submerged into water at the time of training or working. the material uses mainly natural rubber and synthetic rubber, and in order to protect the toes, the steel caps are inserted to make it.. "
"safety footwear.  military boot. an army boot that is produced to be worn by military or police officers during the combat, training or similar time. it is also referred to as walker, army shoes or combat shoes.. "
"safety footwear.  mountain climbing boot. a shoe that is manufactured for convenience in climbing up the mountain.. "
"face and head protection. . "
"face and head protection. hard hats. "
"face and head protection. facial shields. "
"face and head protection. welding masks. "
"face and head protection. safety helmets. "
"face and head protection. motorcycle helmets. "
"face and head protection. helmet parts or accessories. "
"face and head protection. facial shields parts or accessories. "
"face and head protection.  protective hair net. a cap or net for covering and restraining hair in environments where hair can pose a contamination, health or safety risk.. "
"face and head protection.  face protection kit. a assortment of devices to protect the face including safety glasses or goggles, facial shields, taps to protect ears and others.. "
"face and head protection.  protective hood. a hood that covers hair and neck (sometimes also mouth and nose), used by professionals to protect themselves from smoke, liquids or other factors of their environment.. "
"face and head protection. welders helmet. "
"vision protection and accessories. . "
"vision protection and accessories. eyewear holders or cases. "
"vision protection and accessories. safety glasses. "
"vision protection and accessories. eye shields. "
"vision protection and accessories. goggles. "
"vision protection and accessories. video display filters. "
"vision protection and accessories. lens cleaner. "
"vision protection and accessories. goggle protective covers. "
"vision protection and accessories. eye shield garters. "
"vision protection and accessories.  eyewashers or eye wash stations. this is used for cleaning the eyes when acids, or other chemicals, go in or near the eyes.. "
"vision protection and accessories. protective lens. "
"vision protection and accessories.  eyewash station refill bottles or cartridges. containers with solution used to restock a station after usage.. "
"hearing protectors. . "
"hearing protectors.  acoustic ear muffs or defenders. a type of hearing protection device, also known as an hpd, worn in or over the ears while exposed to hazardous noise to protect against noise-induced hearing loss. hpds reduce (not eliminate) the level of the noise entering the ear. hpds can also protect against other effects of noise exposure such as tinnitus and hyperacusis.. "
"hearing protectors. earmuff replacement parts or accessories. "
"hearing protectors.  ear plug dispenser. a specially designed container placed at worksites enabling workers to obtain ear protection plugs.. "
"hearing protectors.  ear plugs. in this classification, this commodity indicates a product that incorporates two plugs placed into the ears to protect the ears and reduce sounds.  most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule these products under hs 901890.. "
"hearing protectors.  ear gauge measuring device. in this classification, this commodity indicates a product that measures the dimension for the custom creation of a product that incorporates two plugs placed into the ears to protect the ears and reduce sounds.  most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule these products under hs 901890.. "
"respiratory protection. . "
"respiratory protection. masks or accessories. "
"respiratory protection. respirators. "
"respiratory protection. gas masks. "
"respiratory protection. respiration air supplying self contained breathing apparatus or accessories. "
"respiratory protection. mask or respirators filters or accessories. "
"respiratory protection. protective films. "
"respiratory protection. powered air purifying respirator system paprs or accessories. "
"respiratory protection.  particulate respirator mask and accessory. niosh approved respiratory protection used in health care and other settings. "
"respiratory protection.  particulate respirator mask fit test kit and supplies. supplies and accessories for qualitative respirator fit testing. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. . "
"anti static equipment and supplies. antistatic wrist straps. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. heel grounding straps. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. grounding hardware. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. anti static floor mats. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. anti static worktable mats. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. antistatic belts. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. antistatic maintenance kits. "
"anti static equipment and supplies. antistatic toe straps. "
"ergonomic support aids. . "
"ergonomic support aids. back support belts. "
"ergonomic support aids. elbow supports. "
"ergonomic support aids. back support rests. "
"ergonomic support aids. wrist braces. "
"ergonomic support aids. foot rests. "
"ergonomic support aids. wrist rests. "
"ergonomic support aids. ankle supports. "
"ergonomic support aids. shoe insoles. "
"ergonomic support aids. knee safety or ergonomic or athletic support. "
"ergonomic support aids.  thigh protector or brace. a flexible and comfortable device that is placed round the thigh to protect this muscle from lesions or other risks. it is also used to keep this muscle more relaxed.. "
"ergonomic support aids.  lumbar protector or back brace. a device that offers support and protection for lumbar zone or lower back.. "
"ergonomic support aids.  shoulder protector or support. a device that offers support and protection for shoulders.. "
"ergonomic support aids.  cervical pillow. a pillow specifically designed to correct neck posture.. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. . "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. lifelines or lifeline equipment. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. fall protection lanyard. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. safety harness winders. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. anchorage connector. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. self retracting lanyard. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. safety harnesses or belts. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. evacuation harnesses. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. pulling grips. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment. safety rope ladders and wire rope ladders. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment.  ascender. a mechanical device that can be slid along a rope in only one direction and that is used to connect loads to ropes so that they can be advanced up the rope without their sliding back down.. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment.  belay device. a type of tool used as a method of protecting a climber or a load in case of a fall. by routing a rope in and around the device a rope is tied to the climber or load and is payed out or taken in by a second person (the belayer) as the climber or load moves. the belayer can stop the climber or load from falling.. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment.  descender. a component for climbing; usually welded steel or aluminum ring about 2 inches in diameter employed to reduce rope wear and ease rope retrieval on rappels.. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment.  swivel carabiner. a revolving metal loop that can quickly and reversibly connect components in safety-critical systems; for example, a common use is to attach a rope to a fixed anchor.. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment.  safety sling. safety slings provide fall protection for personal safety and protection.. "
"fall protection and rescue equipment.  rubber hand rail. a safety device designed to prevent falling of passengers on escalators, moving walkways, etc.. "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment. . "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment. decontamination shower. "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment. safety wash units. "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment.  clean booth. temporary structure located near the production area that provides a way to meet local high cleaning levels where permanent clean room facilities are difficult to set up. "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment.  clean locker. specialized device for storing work clothing for workers accessing the clean room. "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment.  air shower. a facility that removes pollutant substances that are attached to the worker or carried goods before the worker enters into the clean room or moving to the clean space.. "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment.  pass box. a facility that prevents the inflow of polluted air or outflow of clean air enabling passage of goods through a wall mounted aperture or box. adaptable for areas with different levels of cleanliness.. "
"decontamination aids and safety cleaning equipment.  chemical spill safety kit. kit to counteract and clean areas with chemical spillages.. "
"personal safety devices or weapons. . "
"personal safety devices or weapons. repellents for canine attacks. "
"personal safety devices or weapons.  personal safety light. equipment that is enabled to confirm the location of person in activity with the flickering light by a third party as it is attached to the body of worker in the event of fighting to put down a fire or night rescue work and others.. "
"personal safety devices or weapons.  undervoltage alarm. a device for auto electric warning specially manufactured to mark as the voltage of certain device to drop below certain figure to hear or see.. "
"personal safety devices or weapons.  fire alarm control panel. a type of device that is installed in the place where a person is working at all times as it marks for the fire zone with the warning of fire breaking out with the reception of signal notified by the sensor or transmitter.. "
"personal safety devices or weapons.  earth leakage detector and fire alarm. equipment that is used for the purpose of preventing the accident to expand while enabling the driver for prompt response by making the warning with the leakage of electricity on the cable with the used voltage to be 600v or below.. "
"personal safety devices or weapons.  electromagnetic interference emi shielding equipment. a type of device that disconnects the equipment or facilities that are the subject of protection to prevent the erroneous operation by the electronic inducement from the influence of external magnetic field as it is surrounded by appropriate magnetic shield materials.. "
"personal safety devices or weapons.  electromagnetic interference emi shielding material. a product that reduces and shields the electromagnetic wave by attaching to the part that generates the electronic wave not to have any electronic wave interfere with the external environment, such as the human body and others.. "
