"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. . "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. printed circuit assemblies pcas. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. mixed circuit assemblies. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. surface mount circuit assemblies. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. plated through circuit assemblies. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. double sided circuit cards. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. backplane circuit cards. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. multilayer circuit cards. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. single sided circuit cards. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. printed wire boards. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. demodulators. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. application specific circuit assemblies. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. amplifiers. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. attenuators. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. circulators. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. couplers. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. delay lines. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. detectors. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. dummy loads. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. radio frequency rf filters. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. isolators. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. mixers. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. phase shifters. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. power dividers. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. wave tube amplifiers. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. terminations. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components. modulators. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  splitter. an electronic device that consists of an rf signal splitter (power divider) preceded by an rf amplifier that compensates for the rf loss of the splitter. \u00a0used to allow one antenna to feed several receivers.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  radio frequency rf combiner. a signal combining network that allows several discrete inputs to be added into a common bandwidth and that has high isolation between inputs. \u00a0also may be called a power combining network. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  attenuator network pad. this is a passive network of resistors used to reduce signal level.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  ceramic substrate. a substrate composed of ceramic material used as the platform for an integrated circuit.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  output transformer. a transformer that is connected to the output of the amplification circuit that uses the transistor or electronic tube and others to change the impedance of external load circuit to the optimum load impedance for transistor or electron tube load.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  wave trap. a device that attenuates the interfering wave by adding the rejection circuit consisted of high frequency coil and condenser between the receiving antenna and receiver to heighten the selectivity of the receiver.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  phase modulation circuit. a circuit network that makes the phase modulation wave with the phase changes, and simultaneously, the amplitude is also changed that it is refined with certain amplitude through the amplitude limiter and synthesizes the phase modulation circuit by the vector synthesis to the modulation wave with the changing size.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  phase unbalance and power factor compensator. a device that makes automatic compensation for the power factor and maintains the phase equilibrium for power to control the active power of electricity and reactive power and frequency harmonic.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  synchro repeater. a repeater that receives the video signal of the transmitter to convert its channel to re-send, and when converting the channel from several relay sites for same program, it is converted to the same transmission channel for re-sending.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  impedance stabilizer. a type of device that is used to combine the two circuits to maintain the impedance in certain ratio at the wideband frequency.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  frequency selector. a device that operates the signal apparatus by using the signal current of several different frequencies, such as responding only by the resonant on specific frequency, automatically identifying the interval of wireless frequency signals, and others.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  resolver. a rotation device that is used to detect the rotation angle from the servomechanism.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  synchro transmitter. a synchronized electric device that transforms and transmits the location signal of the mechanical rotation angle in proportion to the output electric signal.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  synchro receiver. a synchronized electric device that receives the location signal of the mechanical rotation angle and transforms the above in proportion to the output electric signal.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  gauge controller and indicator. a type of device that controls the gauge by adjusting the output with the comparison of pre-determined value for the signal received from the sensor or mark the value measured by attaching to the gauge.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  frequency oscillator. a device that generates the vibration voltage with the desired frequency by using the direct current as the power.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  antenna coil. a component that is connected to the device that radiates the electromagnetic wave into the space or captures the radiated electromagnetic wave.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  frequency multiplier. a device obtained with the output of frequency as the multiplier of input frequency.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  limiter. a single component that is used for vacuum tube, semiconductor element or metal rectifier. and this product removes the noise signal for the radar or wireless receiver.. "
"circuit assemblies and radio frequency rf components.  discriminator. a circuit to take out the original signal wave from the frequency modulation wave or the phase modulation wave, respectively.. "
"integrated circuits. . "
"integrated circuits. random access memory ram. "
"integrated circuits. dynamic random access memory dram. "
"integrated circuits. static random access memory sram. "
"integrated circuits. programmable read only memory prom. "
"integrated circuits. eraseable programmable read only memory eprom. "
"integrated circuits. electronically erasable programmable read only memory eeprom. "
"integrated circuits. monolithic memory integrated circuits mmic. "
"integrated circuits. read only memory rom. "
"integrated circuits. application specific integrated circuits asic. "
"integrated circuits. programmable array logic pal. "
"integrated circuits. gate array logic gal. "
"integrated circuits. transistor transistor logic ttl. "
"integrated circuits. emitter coupled logic ecl. "
"integrated circuits. bipolar or metal oxide semiconductor technology bimos. "
"integrated circuits. bipolar complementary metal oxide semiconductor technology bicmos. "
"integrated circuits. smart cards. "
"integrated circuits. unscreened integrated circuits. "
"integrated circuits. linear integrated circuits. "
"integrated circuits. digital integrated circuits. "
"integrated circuits. synchronous dynamic random access memory sdram. "
"integrated circuits. flash memory. "
"integrated circuits. rambus dynamic random access memory rdram. "
"integrated circuits. synchronous graphic random access memory sgram. "
"integrated circuits. motor drive or control integrated circuits. "
"integrated circuits. microprocessors. "
"integrated circuits. clock oscillators. "
"integrated circuits. microcontrollers. "
"integrated circuits. operational amplifiers. "
"integrated circuits. voltage regulator integrated circuits. "
"integrated circuits. voltage comparator integrated circuits. "
"integrated circuits. timer integrated circuits. "
"integrated circuits. logic gates. "
"integrated circuits. flip flops. "
"integrated circuits. shift registers. "
"integrated circuits. digital signal processor dsp. "
"integrated circuits. network processors. "
"integrated circuits.  application specific integrated circuit. a type of integrated circuit customized for a specific purpose.. "
"integrated circuits.  8 bit microcontroller. a microprocessor on a single integrated circuit intended to operate as an embedded system.. "
"integrated circuits.  16 bit microcontroller. a microprocessor on a single integrated circuit intended to operate as an embedded system.. "
"integrated circuits.  low end digital signal processor dsp. a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing,. "
"integrated circuits.  32 bit midrange microcontroller. a microprocessor on a single integrated circuit intended to operate as an embedded system.. "
"integrated circuits.  programmable logic integrated circuit. an electronic component also called a programmable logic device (pld) used to build reconfigurable digital circuits.. "
"integrated circuits.  high end digital signal processor dsp. a specialized microprocessor designed specifically for digital signal processing,. "
"integrated circuits.  32 bit high end microcontroller. a microprocessor on a single integrated circuit intended to operate as an embedded system.. "
"integrated circuits.  nor parallel flash memory. a type of flash memory.flash memory is a non-volatile computer memory that can be electrically erased and reprogrammed. it is a technology that is primarily used in memory cards and usb flash drives for general storage and transfer of data between computers and other digital products.. "
"integrated circuits.  nor serial flash memory. a type of flash memory.flash memory is a non-volatile computer memory that can be electrically erased and reprogrammed. it is a technology that is primarily used in memory cards and usb flash drives for general storage and transfer of data between computers and other digital products.. "
"integrated circuits.  nand flash memory. a type of flash memory.flash memory is a non-volatile computer memory that can be electrically erased and reprogrammed. it is a technology that is primarily used in memory cards and usb flash drives for general storage and transfer of data between computers and other digital products.. "
"integrated circuits. standard analog or linear integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. analog audio amplifier integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. digital audio amplifier integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. standard logic integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. microwave integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. bus transceiver integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits.  satellite digital audio radio service integrated circuit. ics used in the manufacture of sdar systems. "
"integrated circuits. global positioning system gps integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. tuner integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. graphics accelerator integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits.  drivers display integrated circuit. a semiconductor integrated circuit which provides an interface function between a microprocessor, microcontroller, asic or general-purpose peripheral interface and a particular type of display device, e.g. lcd, led, oled, epaper, crt, vacuum fluorescent or nixie.. "
"integrated circuits. angular rate sensor integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. accelerometer integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. hall effect integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. infrared ir temperature sensor integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. ultrasonic integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. image sensor integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. video or media processor integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. vision processor integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits.  codecs integrated circuit. a type of integrated circuit applicable to codec devices, e.g., devices or computer programs capable of encoding and/or decoding a digital data stream or signal. the word codec is a contraction of compressor-decompressor or, most commonly, coder-decoder.. "
"integrated circuits. communication protocol integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits. transponder integrated circuit. "
"integrated circuits.  pressure sensor integrated circuit. integrated circuit used in applications to monitor, sense or report pressure in a component or system.. "
"integrated circuits.  lead frame. a common type of chip package that uses metal leads that extend outside the housing.. "
