"grandstands and bleachers. structures used for the viewing of various events. . "
"grandstands and bleachers. structures used for the viewing of various events. foldable grandstand. foldable structures used for the viewing of various events. "
"grandstands and bleachers. structures used for the viewing of various events. mobile grandstand. easily movable as a whole structures used for the viewing of various events. "
"grandstands and bleachers. structures used for the viewing of various events. portable grandstand. movable structures used for the viewing of various events. "
"portable commercial and industrial buildings and structures. . "
"portable commercial and industrial buildings and structures.  portable box office. movable buildings or structures used for ticket reserving and selling purposes. "
"portable commercial and industrial buildings and structures.  portable toilet. movable buildings or structures used for urination, defecation or other sanitary purposes. "
"portable commercial and industrial buildings and structures.  site office. movable buildings or structures used for office duties at a particular temporary location. "
"portable commercial and industrial buildings and structures.  portable kitchen unit. movable buildings or structures used for culinary purposes at a particular temporary location. "
"portable commercial and industrial buildings and structures.  shipping container house. a mobile freight shipping structure converted into a commercial or residential unit.. "
"portable commercial and industrial buildings and structures.  portable sales booth. a mobile booth installed for sales purposes at public locations such as public parks and roadsides.. "
"tents and membrane structures. temporary structures made from textiles or membranes that are used for shelter or other purposes. . "
"tents and membrane structures. temporary structures made from textiles or membranes that are used for shelter or other purposes. framed textile structure. temporary structures made from textiles use over a frame that are used for shelter or other purposes. "
"tents and membrane structures. temporary structures made from textiles or membranes that are used for shelter or other purposes. pole tent or tension tent. tents that utilize wither a pole frame or tension connections that are used for shelter or other purposes. "
