"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. . "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. 1-phenyl-2-propanone. an organic compound with the chemical formula c6h5ch2c(o)ch3. it is a colorless oil that is soluble in organic solvents. this substance is used in the manufacture of methamphetamine and amphetamine, where it is commonly known as p2p. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. 3,4-methylenedioxyphenyl-2-propanone. a chemical compound consisting of a phenylacetone moiety substituted with a methylenedioxy functional group. it is commonly synthesized from either safrole which, for comparison, is 3-[3,4-(methylenedioxy)phenyl]-2-propene) or its isomer isosafrole via oxidation using the wacker oxidation or peroxyacid oxidation methods.  it is a controlled substance by the us government on account of its relation to the mdxx chemical class, mdp2p, as well as safrole and isosafrole.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. gamma-butyrolactone. a hygroscopic colorless oily liquid with a weak characteristic odor and is soluble in water. gbl is a common solvent and reagent in chemistry and is used as an aroma compound, as a stain remover, as a superglue remover, as a paint stripper, and as a solvent in some wet aluminium electrolytic capacitors. in humans it acts as a prodrug for ghb, and it is used as a recreational intoxicant with effects similar to alcohol.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. hydroiodic acid. a mixture derived from hydrogen iodide hi which usually contains 48% - 57% hi by mass.  currently listed as an illicit drug by the us government owing to its usefulness as a reducing agent.  reduction with hi and red phosphorus has become the most popular method to produce methamphetamine in the united states.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. hypophosphorous acid. a phosphorus oxoacid and a powerful reducing agent with molecular formula h3po2.  it is a colorless low-melting compound, which is soluble in water, dioxane, and alcohols and is used in the formulation of pharmaceuticals, discoloration of polymers, water treatment, retrieval of precious or non-ferrous metals. its main use is for electroless plating.  currently considered a controlled drug by the us government because it can reduce elemental iodine to form hydroiodic acid, which is a reagent effective for reducing ephedrine or pseudoephedrine to methamphetamine.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. n-acetylanthranilic acid. an organic compound with the molecular formula c9h9no3. it is an intermediate product in catabolism of quinaldine in arthrobacter sp., and is further metabolized to anthranilic acid.  it is classified as an illicit drug precursor by the united nations.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. phenylacetic acid. an organic compound containing a phenyl functional group and a carboxylic acid functional group. it is a white solid with a disagreeable odour. because it is used in the illicit production of phenylacetone (used in the manufacture of meth/amphetamine), it is subject to controls in the united states.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. piperonal. an organic compound that is commonly found in fragrances and flavors. the molecule is structurally related to benzaldehyde and vanillin. it exists as a white or colorless solid. it has a floral odor commonly described as being similar to that of vanillin and cherry. it is used as flavoring and in perfumes.  piperonal may be used in the synthesis of 3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine mda via the substituted nitrostyrene via a condensation reaction.  this intermediate can then be reduced by a strong reducing agent such as lithium aluminium hydride (lialh4) to yield mda.  however it can also be used in the illicit production of synthetic drugs like ecstasy and methamphetamine.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. red phosphorus. a form of phosphorus which is a nonmetallic chemical element with symbol p and atomic number 15. a multivalent pnictogen, phosphorus as a mineral is almost always present in its maximally oxidised state, as inorganic phosphate rocks.  elemental phosphorus exists in two major forms\u2014white phosphorus and red phosphorus\u2014but due to its high reactivity, phosphorus is never found as a free element on earth.  the vast majority of phosphorus compounds are consumed as fertilisers. other applications include the role of organophosphorus compounds in detergents, pesticides and nerve agents, and matches.  it can also be used in the production methamphetamine via the nagai route which involves red phosphorus and hydrogen iodide (also known as hydroiodic acid or iohydroic acid).. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. acetic anhydride. this classification is a chemical compound, an anhydride, an acetylation agent, a common precursor and reagent, a lachrymatory agent, and a refractive liquid which emits acetic odor, with the molecular formula c4h6o3, a compound which us fda recognizes as an active or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2e48g1qi9q, chemically known as acetyl acetate, but more commonly known as acetic anhydride, which bears us national library of medicine compound identifier 7918 and european inventory of existing commercial chemical substances number 203-564-8. under the world customs organization harmonised system, acetic anhydride is scheduled in 29152400, and acetic anhydride bears us drug enforcement administration number 8519. other names for acetic anhydride include acetanhydride, acetic acid anhydride, acetic oxide, acetyl acetate, acetyl anhydride, acetyl ether, acetyl oxide, anhydride acetique, anhydrid kyseliny octove, anidride acetica, azijnzuuranhydride, essigsaeureanhydrid, ethanoic anhydrate, and ethanoic anhydride. acetic anhydride bears rtecs ak1925000, cdc idhl (or immediately dangerous to life or health) code 108247, un hazard code 1715, and ec index 607-008-00-9. nato knows acetic anhydride under inc 11568, fiig a10800, and fsc 6810 (chemicals). the united nations international drug control programmes technical services branch, in accordance with and support of the 1988 convention against illicit traffic in narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, and article 12 thereof, in conjunction with scientific findings clandestine manufacture of substances under international control (st/nar/10), has determined that this commodity (acetic anhydride) is a precursor in manufacture of amfetamine, cocaine, fentanyl, heroin, metamfetamine, methaqualone, pepap, and ring substitutes of amfetamine and metamfetamine (see scientific and technical note scitec/11). under eu regulations, acetic anhydride is governed by regulation (ec) no 273/2004 (rules for the monitoring of trade between the community and third countries in drug precursors) and official journal l 022, 26/01/2005 p. 0001-0010. under us regulations, acetic anhydride is governed by title 21 code of federal regulations, \u00a7\u00a7 1309, 1310.02, and 1313. under canadian regulations, acetic anhydride is governed by controlled drugs and substances act subsection 55(1) (s.c. 1996, c. 19) and precursor control regulations (sor/2002-359), p.c. 2002-1615 2002-09-24. smiles: cc(=o)oc(=o)c.. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. pseudoephedrine hydrochloride. an adrenergic agonist that acts as a vasoconstrictor and decongestant. "
"narcotic drug precursors. includes component elements of substances whose ultimate effect upon the animal system is to produce torpor and insensibility; but taken in small quantities they at first exhilarate.. ephedrine hydrochloride. a chemical employed for treating allergy and asthma caused by its decongestant and bronchodilator properties; administered through the mouth, nose, or by injection. beta-adrenocepton agonist; sympathomimetic. "
