"cleaning and janitorial carts and accessories. includes cleaning cart systems and accessories used by professional housekeeping and or janitorial personnel to clean the various environments of use, whether they be hospitals, schools, office buildings, manufacturing facilities, hotels, etc.. . "
"cleaning and janitorial carts and accessories. includes cleaning cart systems and accessories used by professional housekeeping and or janitorial personnel to clean the various environments of use, whether they be hospitals, schools, office buildings, manufacturing facilities, hotels, etc.. cleaning or janitorial cart. an ergonomically designed mobile apparatus intended to improve cleaning practices and efficiency as personnel move from one area or room of the building to another.  these carts efficiently store on board all of the necessary cleaning chemicals and cleaning accessories.. "
"cleaning and janitorial carts and accessories. includes cleaning cart systems and accessories used by professional housekeeping and or janitorial personnel to clean the various environments of use, whether they be hospitals, schools, office buildings, manufacturing facilities, hotels, etc.. cleaning or janitorial cart accessories. included are cleaning accessories that are designed to mate with the cleaning cart, stored on board the cart and easily accessible by the cleaning personnel.. "
"floor machines and accessories. . "
"floor machines and accessories. vacuum cleaners. "
"floor machines and accessories. floor polishers. "
"floor machines and accessories. wet or dry combination vacuum cleaners. "
"floor machines and accessories. floor scrubbers. "
"floor machines and accessories. carpet sweepers. "
"floor machines and accessories. vacuum cleaner supplies or accessories. "
"floor machines and accessories. floor machine pads. "
"floor machines and accessories. carpet cleaning equipment. "
"floor machines and accessories. floor washing machine. "
"floor machines and accessories. floor scrapers. "
"floor machines and accessories. floor sweepers. "
"floor machines and accessories. floor polisher accessories. "
"floor machines and accessories.  floor machine parts and accessories. parts and accessories for use with floor machines or scrubbers. "
"waste containers and accessories. . "
"waste containers and accessories. trash bags. "
"waste containers and accessories. waste containers or rigid liners. "
"waste containers and accessories. smoking urns or accessories. "
"waste containers and accessories. waste container lids. "
"waste containers and accessories. urn sand bags. "
"waste containers and accessories. ash trays. "
"waste containers and accessories.  motion sickness or emesis bags. collapsible container for emesis or waste from vomiting.. "
"waste containers and accessories. hygienic bags. "
"waste containers and accessories.  hazardous waste container. containers used for disposal of hazardous waste materials,to include biohazard and chemotherapy.. "
"waste containers and accessories.  food waste meter. equipment which measures food waste, some of them are equipped with communcation devices, differenciating it from regular food waste bin. "
"cleaning equipment. . "
"cleaning equipment. cleaning dusters. "
"cleaning equipment. lint removers. "
"cleaning equipment. squeegees or washers. "
"cleaning equipment. cleaning pails or buckets. "
"cleaning equipment. pressure or steam cleaners. "
"cleaning equipment. mop wringer. "
"cleaning equipment. drain or toilet plunger. "
"cleaning equipment. drain or pipe cleaning equipment. "
"cleaning equipment. degreasing pans. "
"cleaning equipment. cleaning rag dispenser. "
"cleaning equipment. duct cleaning machines. "
"cleaning equipment. cleaning scrapers. "
"cleaning equipment. scraper replacement blades. "
"cleaning equipment. dust separator. "
"cleaning equipment.  pool cleaner. a type of device that is to clean the floor of the swimming pool.. "
"cleaning equipment.  cleaning solution dispenser and accessories. includes manual and automated dispensers --free standing, counter-top, wall or general surface mounted-- and cleaning stations that are specifically designed to dispense a range of concentrated liquids or solids or ready-to-use rtu chemicals that are used to clean, sanitize, and disinfect environmental surfaces. these dispensers are designed to meter or deliver a precise dosage.. "
"cleaning equipment accessories. . "
"cleaning equipment accessories. squeege or washer holsters. "
"cleaning equipment accessories. squeege or washer accessories. "
"cleaning equipment accessories. pressure or steam cleaner accessories. "
"cleaning equipment accessories.  spray ball. a component of clean-in-place (cip) vessel or tank cleaning equipment.. "
