"international intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights are legally recognized exclusive rights to creations of the mind. under intellectual property laws and treaties such as the the world intellectual property organization wipo created in 1967, owners are granted certain exclusive rights to a variety of intangible assets, such as musical, literary, and artistic works; discoveries and inventions; and words, phrases, symbols, and designs. common types of intellectual property rights include copyright, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights, trade dress, and in some jurisdictions trade secrets.. . "
"international intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights are legally recognized exclusive rights to creations of the mind. under intellectual property laws and treaties such as the the world intellectual property organization wipo created in 1967, owners are granted certain exclusive rights to a variety of intangible assets, such as musical, literary, and artistic works; discoveries and inventions; and words, phrases, symbols, and designs. common types of intellectual property rights include copyright, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights, trade dress, and in some jurisdictions trade secrets.. international patent. a set of exclusive rights, recognized internationally, granted by a sovereign state as a signatory to the patent cooperation treaty pct of 1970 to an inventor or assignee for a limited period of time in exchange for detailed public disclosure of an invention. an invention is a solution to a specific technological problem and is a product or a process.. "
"international intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights are legally recognized exclusive rights to creations of the mind. under intellectual property laws and treaties such as the the world intellectual property organization wipo created in 1967, owners are granted certain exclusive rights to a variety of intangible assets, such as musical, literary, and artistic works; discoveries and inventions; and words, phrases, symbols, and designs. common types of intellectual property rights include copyright, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights, trade dress, and in some jurisdictions trade secrets.. international trademark . a right, recognized internationally, for exclusively identifying the commercial source or origin of products or services, e.g., the particular business as the source of goods or services. a trademark is typically a name, word, phrase, logo, symbol, design, image, or a combination of these elements.  although there are systems which facilitate the filing, registration or enforcement of trademark rights in more than one jurisdiction on a regional or global basis it is currently not possible to file and obtain a single trademark registration which will automatically apply around the world.  like any national law, trademark laws apply only in their applicable country or jurisdiction, a quality which is sometimes known as territoriality.  the inherent limitations of the territorial application of trademark laws have been mitigated by various intellectual property treaties, foremost amongst which is the wto agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights. trips establishes legal compatibility between member jurisdictions by requiring the harmonization of applicable laws.. "
"international intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights are legally recognized exclusive rights to creations of the mind. under intellectual property laws and treaties such as the the world intellectual property organization wipo created in 1967, owners are granted certain exclusive rights to a variety of intangible assets, such as musical, literary, and artistic works; discoveries and inventions; and words, phrases, symbols, and designs. common types of intellectual property rights include copyright, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights, trade dress, and in some jurisdictions trade secrets.. international servicemark . a right to identify a service rather than a product, granted and recognized in the united states and several other countries.  before it is registered, it is common practice with some legal standing to use the service mark symbol \u2120 -a superscript sm.  a service mark differs from a trademark in that the mark is used on the advertising of the service rather than on the packaging or delivery of the service, since there is generally no package to place the mark on, which is the practice for trademarks.  there is no global registry for servicemarks at this time.. "
"international intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights are legally recognized exclusive rights to creations of the mind. under intellectual property laws and treaties such as the the world intellectual property organization wipo created in 1967, owners are granted certain exclusive rights to a variety of intangible assets, such as musical, literary, and artistic works; discoveries and inventions; and words, phrases, symbols, and designs. common types of intellectual property rights include copyright, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights, trade dress, and in some jurisdictions trade secrets.. international copyright. an exclusive right granted to the creator of an original work, usually for a limited time. copyright may apply to a wide range of creative, intellectual, or artistic forms, or works.  copyrights are obtained through a national copyright process.  while no creative work is automatically protected worldwide, there are international treaties which provide protection automatically for all creative works as soon as they are fixed in a medium. there are two primary international copyright agreements, the buenos aires convention and the berne convention for the protection of literary and artistic works.. "
"national intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights conferred by single nations that are valid in that nation only. . "
"national intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights conferred by single nations that are valid in that nation only. nation based patent. an exclusive right to ownership of an invention that is a solution to a specific technological problem and is a product or a process.  patents are obtained through a national  patent process. "
"national intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights conferred by single nations that are valid in that nation only. nation based trademark. an exclusive right to ownership of a a name, word, phrase, logo, symbol, design, image, or a combination of these elements that identifies the particular business as the source of goods or services.  trademarks are obtained through a national  trademark process. "
"national intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights conferred by single nations that are valid in that nation only. nation based servicemark. an exclusive right to ownership of a a name, word, phrase, logo, symbol, design, image, or a combination of these elements used in advertising rather than physical packaging that identifies the particular business as the source of goods or services.  servicemarks are obtained through a national  servicemark process. "
"national intellectual property protection products. intellectual property rights conferred by single nations that are valid in that nation only. nation based copyright. an exclusive right granted to the creator of an original work, usually for a limited time. copyright may apply to a wide range of creative, intellectual, or artistic forms, or works.  copyrights are obtained through a national copyright process.. "
"environmental mitigation banking products. forms of environmental market trading where wetlands are developed to create marketable wetland credits.  these credits are sold to others as compensation for unavoidable wetland impacts.. . "
"environmental mitigation banking products. forms of environmental market trading where wetlands are developed to create marketable wetland credits.  these credits are sold to others as compensation for unavoidable wetland impacts.. environmental mitigation credit. key component in an environmental crediting system established by governing bodies which involves allocating debits and credits. debits occur in situations where a natural resource has been destroyed or severely impaired and credits are given in situations where a natural resource has been deemed to be improved or preserved. therefore, when an entity such as a business or individual has a \"debit\" they are required to purchase a \"credit\". in some cases credits are bought from \"mitigation banks\" which are large mitigation projects established to provide credit to multiple parties in advance of development when such compensation cannot be achieved at the development site or is not seen as beneficial to the environment. crediting systems can allow credit to be generated in different ways. for example in the united states, projects are valued based on what the intentions of the project are which may be to preserve, enhance, restore or create (perc) a natural resource.. "
