"limited traffic thoroughfares. thoroughfares whose use is limited by order. . "
"limited traffic thoroughfares. thoroughfares whose use is limited by order. easement. the convened ability to use property that is owned by others. "
"limited traffic thoroughfares. thoroughfares whose use is limited by order. right of way. the conveyed ability to pass over the property that is owned by others. "
"limited traffic thoroughfares. thoroughfares whose use is limited by order. access roads. a road whose purpose is to provide access to another site. "
"limited traffic thoroughfares. thoroughfares whose use is limited by order. highway ramp or slip road. a short length of road that enables vehicles to enter or exit a highway.. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. . "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. street or avenue or road or boulevard. a type of thoroughfare usually urban for local public travel or transportation. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. intrastate highway or freeway or turnpike. a main route for travel or transportation between cities within a state. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. interstate highway or freeway or turnpike. a main route for travel or transportation between cities that passes through two or more states. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. railway line. a type of thoroughfare for local public travel or transportation via train. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. subway line. a type of thoroughfare for local public travel or transportation via subway. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. light rail line. a type of thoroughfare for local public travel or transportation via light rail cars. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. street car or trolley line. a type of thoroughfare for local public travel or transportation via street car or trolley car only. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. bike path. a type of thoroughfare for public travel or transportation via bicycle only. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. crossroad. a road that intersects with a main road. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. ring road. a road that encircles a town or city. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. trunk road. a major road that connects two or more cities. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. secondary road. a constricted road with limited use. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. dual carriageway. a road with a median in between the two directions of traffic. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. single carriageway. a road with no physical separation between lines of traffic. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. road junction. a place where two roads join together or intersect. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. pedestrian way. a trail or route dedicated for use by pedestrians. "
"open traffic thoroughfares. non restricted types of thoroughfares for public travel or transportation. footpath. a non formal pedestrian trail. "
