"ladders and scaffolding. . "
"ladders and scaffolding. ladders. "
"ladders and scaffolding. scaffolding. "
"ladders and scaffolding. step stool. "
"ladders and scaffolding.  platform step ladder. a type of ladder that gives a stable working position with a high level platform for resting tools and materials being used.available in various heights and with or without a high level hand rail.. "
"ladders and scaffolding.  combination ladder. a type of ladder that provides the combined functionality of a step ladder, an extension ladder and a stair ladder in one unit.. "
"ladders and scaffolding.  roof ladder. a type of ladder designed to function with scaffolding for work with pitched roofs.it has two wheels at the upper end which enable it to be pushed up the roof without damaging the slates or tiles.. "
"ladders and scaffolding.  fire escape ladder. a ladder which is used for the rescue activities at the time of emergency evacuation from fire and others. it defines the cross bar, vertical bar and others with interval, inner dimension and others in consideration of safety, convenience of handling and others.. "
"ladders and scaffolding.  fire extinguishing ladder. a ladder which is possible to move for use as it goes up to the higher area or goes down to lower area.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories. . "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories. scaffolding handrail. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories. scaffolding stabilizers. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories. scaffolding flooring. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding cross brace. metal rods that are used to add stability to the structural members, placing them at angles prevent scaffold breaks.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding frame. the main part of the structure of scaffolds, it consist in a square-shaped metal structure with hangers to place platforms, holes to place the cross braces and others, it must be rigid and stable.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding staircase. a special kind of staircase that is inserted in scaffolds to let the buiding workers go up and down with more security and comfort.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding counterweight. an accessory used in scaffolding to balance the weigh and avoid the fall of suspended scaffolds, it is heavy and usually cubic.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding corbel. a triangular scaffolding accessory that is placed in angles that support weigh adding more stability to the structure, in this way we can keep the distance to the facade and continue the assembly in spite of possible irregularities.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding trestle. a device normally consisting of a ridge plank fixed edgeways to two pair of legs, each pair with the legs converging to meet at the plank; it is, inter alia, used as a solitary scaffold or as a support for duckboards.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding davit. an accessory of direct fixation in the scaffold structure for taking up and down little loads, it is specially useful to assemble and disassemble the structure.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding fixation device. a fixation accessory that consists of a ring where other scaffolding accessories can be hung on one side, and on the other a tab enabling fixation to be screwed to the structure.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  scaffolding wire rope. a special kind of large diameter ( 8 to 10 mm) wire made of a very resistant steel used in scaffolding.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  ladder platform. device that clips onto a ladder rung to provide a convenient area for tools and materials at the top of the ladder.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  ladder tray. ladder attachment that holds bucket and tools in a high position.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  ladder stay. a device that locks onto the top two rungs of the ladder with one end and at the other end rests against a wall so the ladder is held off a small distance from the wall.it allows the underside of the eaves and guttering to be worked on without having to lean back.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  construction safety net. a safety net installed around structures in order to prevent injuries caused by falling material and tools or falling accidents of people during work.. "
"ladders and scaffolding accessories.  construction safety shelf. a wooden protective shelf installed on the exterior and interior of construction scaffolding to reduce risk of injury due to falling objects or tools during high elevation work.. "
"construction sheds and trailers. . "
"construction sheds and trailers. construction shed. "
"construction sheds and trailers. construction trailer. "
"temporary construction and maintenance support equipment and materials. various prefabricated moulds, accessories and materials designed for temporary use in civil work and construction of structures.. . "
"temporary construction and maintenance support equipment and materials. various prefabricated moulds, accessories and materials designed for temporary use in civil work and construction of structures.. structural formwork. a temporary structure of wood or steel designed to contain and give structure to poured concrete.. "
"temporary construction and maintenance support equipment and materials. various prefabricated moulds, accessories and materials designed for temporary use in civil work and construction of structures.. structural formwork accessory. wood or steel accessory used for the mould installed to pour concrete.. "
"temporary construction and maintenance support equipment and materials. various prefabricated moulds, accessories and materials designed for temporary use in civil work and construction of structures.. structural spacer. a material which provides support to an iron reinforcing rod by adjusting the interval of the iron reinforcing bar accurately for concrete pillar, wall, precast structure and others.. "
"temporary construction and maintenance support equipment and materials. various prefabricated moulds, accessories and materials designed for temporary use in civil work and construction of structures.. temporary roadway lining plate. rectangular metal plate used to provide temporary roadway for ordinary and construction vehicles during public works, building, bridge and road construction. comprised of thick plate and two types of rolled steel materials, surface of the plate is welded and processed. lining plates are widely used in underground construction projects including subways, underground drain pipes, etc. they are also used in the construction of bridges.. "
"temporary construction and maintenance support equipment and materials. various prefabricated moulds, accessories and materials designed for temporary use in civil work and construction of structures.. structural deck plate. metal panel used alternatively for floor material or molding, including zinc-galvanizing plate combined with wire and rebar and others. "
