"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. . "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. cased hole formation sampling testing services. services to acquire data that provides samples of the formation used to predict solids properties, such as asphaltenes, wax and hydrates, which need specific facility handling, separation and disposal through a cased hole.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. casing thickness measurement services. includes mechanical casing inside diameter measurement, electromagnetic casing thickness measurement.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. chemical cutters services. services to use chemical cutters to cut coiled-tubing, tubing, casing, and drill-pipe and other tubulars.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. electromagnetic pipe recovery services. services to run on wireline into the wellbore and inside the fishing string and fish to locate the area where a fish is stuck by analyzing the difference between the electromagnetic fields of free pipe and stuck pipe to locate the free-point indicator.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well flow measurement services. services to measure the well production or injection rate.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well fluid density measurement services. services to measure the density or changes in density in production or injection wells.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well fluid temperature measurement services. measurements of temperature of well fluids.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. free point tool services. services to free stuck drill pipe, drill collars, tubing or casing using a free point tool.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. gamma ray services. services used to measure the amount of gamma rays produced in an area.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. jet cutter services. services to sever downhole coiled-tubing, tubing, drill pipe, or casing.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. measurement while perforating services. services used to evaluate formation or production while performing perforating services. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. neutron porosity services. the measurement of either thermal or epithermal neutron detection to determine the porosity in a borehole.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. nuclear spectroscopy services. services to acquire data through the use of nuclear spectroscopes to determine downhole conditions.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well packer services. permanent and removable packers mechanical, hydraulic, wireline, multistring and feed through sealbore.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. permanent magnets pipe recovery services. services using permanent magnetic treatment used for coping with complications caused by emulsion formation, salt precipitation and asphalt and paraffin precipitation.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well pressure measurement control services. downhole pressure monitoring while drilling, pressure management including pore pressure prediction, wellbore stability, ecd management, vibration monitoring and control.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. production logging borehole fluid measurement services. the recording of pressure, temperature and fluid-flow parameters.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. production logging density measurement services. the recording of fluid density.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. production logging downhole video services. services to provide video cameras to assist in production logging and diagnosing problems.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. production logging flow measurement services. measurements that describe the nature and behavior of fluids in or around the borehole during production or injection.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. production logging pressure measurement services. measurements that describe the pressure in or around the borehole during production or injection.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. other production logging services. general production logging services.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. production logging temperature measurement services. measurements that describe the temperature in or around the borehole during production or injection.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. severing colliding services. use of an explosive tool to cut the outer casing or sea riser casing, to recover the remaining part of the casing in the water column .. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well logging acoustic services. services to measure pore pressure, seismic time-depth correlation, bit wear predictions and shear wave.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. stuck point tool services. services to remove drill stem, tubing, or casing which is stuck.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. thermal decay well logging services. services to measure the rate of thermal neutron absorption.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well tubular corrosion evaluation services. evaluation and analysis of tubular corrosion.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well performance services. services to optimize performance of a well which may include: electronic memory and mechanical instrumentation services production logging tools, slickline detonating systems, and tubing/casing calipers.. "
"cased hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through a cased hole, includes equipment rental and rental cancellation fees.. well tubular services. includes repair of tubular services.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. . "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. digital acoustic logging services. services to determine formation lithology, porosity and fluid characteristics using acoustic methods.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. borehole geometry logging services. logging to measure the geometry of a borehole.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. density lithology nuclear logging services. measurements of the macroscopic content of minerals.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. dipole acoustic logging services. using two poles of opposite polarity to generate a field, for excitation and detection of shear waves.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. directional logging services. services for directional logging.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. directional survey services. measurements while drilling used to update the map and reduce the risk of collision with existing wells.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. electromagnetic propagation logging services. using electromagnetic propagation to measure formation resistivity.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. formation testing sampling services. services to collect formation-fluid samples.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. fracture identification logging services. service to identify the location of fractures.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. gamma ray logging services. measurement of the natural, or in some cases introduced, radioactivity in a well.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. gamma ray spectroscopy logging services. measuring the spectrum, or number and energy, of gamma rays emitted as natural radioactivity by the formation.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. geochemical nuclear logging services. natural and induced-gamma spectrometry methods are used to measure elemental abundances.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. well imaging services. service to acquire high-resolution resistivity images.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. magnetic resonance logging services. measurements of porosity, fractional volumes of bound and moveable fluids, and formation permeability.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. microresistivity logging services. measuring the differences in resistivity of the formation at the borehole face and presenting vertical and lateral resolution information as computer-processed pseudo-images.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. neutron porosity logging services. use of neutron porosity logging to identify zones of porosity.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. resistivity logging services. use of neutron porosity logging to identify zones of porosity.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. slim access acoustic logging services. acoustic logging through slim hole.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. acoustic cement bond ratio logging services. acoustic logging to provide representation of the integrity of the cement job.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. well acoustic imaging services. acoustic data imaging services for geological evaluation services.. "
"open hole well logging services. the measurement of one or more physical quantities in a well performed through the uncased hole.. formation dip direction and angle logging services. services to determine the direction and angle of formation dip in relation to the borehole. "
"other logging services. services to record a measurement versus depth or time, or both, of one or more physical quantities in or around a well; includes rental of equipment and rental cancellation charges.. . "
"other logging services. services to record a measurement versus depth or time, or both, of one or more physical quantities in or around a well; includes rental of equipment and rental cancellation charges.. logging while drilling services. well seismic data is recorded during the excavation of the hole, or shortly thereafter, through the use of tools integrated into the bottomhole assembly.. "
"other logging services. services to record a measurement versus depth or time, or both, of one or more physical quantities in or around a well; includes rental of equipment and rental cancellation charges.. logging during fishing services. well seismic data is recorded during removal of fish.. "
"other logging services. services to record a measurement versus depth or time, or both, of one or more physical quantities in or around a well; includes rental of equipment and rental cancellation charges.. logging while perforating services. well seismic data is recorded during perforating services.. "
"other logging services. services to record a measurement versus depth or time, or both, of one or more physical quantities in or around a well; includes rental of equipment and rental cancellation charges.. drill pipe conveyed well services. well seismic data is recorded from within the drill pipe.. "
"other logging services. services to record a measurement versus depth or time, or both, of one or more physical quantities in or around a well; includes rental of equipment and rental cancellation charges.. general well logging services. general services around recording of well data.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. . "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. 2d/ 3d/ 4d land seismic acquisition services. services to acquire 2/d, 3/d, 4d land seismic data, includes speculative seismic data.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. 2d/ 3d/ 4d marine seismic acquisition services. services to acquire 2/d, 3/d, 4d marine seismic data, includes speculative seismic data.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. 2d/ 3d/ 4d seismic data processing services. services to process 2/d, 3/d, 4d seismic data.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. 2d / 3d/ 4d seismic data interpretation. services to provide reports, reservoir attributes, visualization theatre, and workstations.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. well velocity survey services. measurements used to determine average velocity of a well including using a check shot survey, modeling, vertical, walkaway, geological, slim hole. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. other seismic services. quality control, gravity surveys, magnetics, data management, data recovery, data transcription, navigation data processing, data brokerage.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. borehole seismic land acquisition services. includes checkshot, cross well, deviated and slim hole, rig source, offset source, walkaway, salt proximity, microseismic fracture monitoring, 3d, 4dvsp. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. borehole seismic marine acquisition services. includes checkshot, cross well, deviated and slim hole, rig source, offset source, walkaway, salt proximity, microseismic fracture monitoring, 3d, 4dvsp.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. borehole seismic processing services. services to design and process borehole seismic data. includes survey design and integration of borehole and surface seismic data.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. borehole seismic monitoring acquisition services. permanent or semi-permanent receiver placement borehole seismic services for long term reservoir monitoring of microseismic data.. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. borehole seismic while drilling acquisition services. "
"seismic services. services performed that assist to interpret the composition, fluid content, extent and geometry of rocks in the subsurface.. simultaneous borehole and surface seismic acquisition services. services to acquire 2d, 3d, 4d surface seismic and borehole seismic data simultaneously. land or marine. includes checkshot, cross well, deviated and slim hole, rig source, offset source, walkaway, salt proximity, microseismic fracture monitoring, 3d, 4dv. "
