"coating or plating machines. coating and plating machines apply plastic, organic, or metal finishes to a product, which improves the product\u2019s properties such as increasing durability or resisting corrosion.. . "
"coating or plating machines. coating and plating machines apply plastic, organic, or metal finishes to a product, which improves the product\u2019s properties such as increasing durability or resisting corrosion.. anodizing machine. machine wherein the workpiece is the anode in an electrolytic cell immersed in an acid bath, resulting in chemical adsorption of oxygen from the bath. anodizing is an oxidation process in which the workpiece surfaces are converted to a hard and porous oxide layer that provides corrosion resistance and a decorative finish.. "
"coating or plating machines. coating and plating machines apply plastic, organic, or metal finishes to a product, which improves the product\u2019s properties such as increasing durability or resisting corrosion.. electrolytic bath machine. electrolytic bath machines plate the workpiece (cathode) with a different metal (anode), while both are suspended in a bath containing a water-base electrolyte solution. the metal ions from the anode are discharged under the potential from the external source of electricity, combine with the ions in the solution, and are deposited on the cathode.. "
"coating or plating machines. coating and plating machines apply plastic, organic, or metal finishes to a product, which improves the product\u2019s properties such as increasing durability or resisting corrosion.. thermal spray machine. coating machines that apply various metals and alloys, and ceramics by a spray gun with a stream of oxyfuel, flame, electric arc, or plasma arc. the coating material may be in the form of wire, rod, or powder.. "
"coating or plating machines. coating and plating machines apply plastic, organic, or metal finishes to a product, which improves the product\u2019s properties such as increasing durability or resisting corrosion.. barrel plating machine. a type of electro plating machine that brings the workpiece into contact with an electrolyte while rotating in a perforated hardwood barrel.. "
"heat treating machines. heat treatment includes the controlled heating and cooling of materials at various rates. these treatments induce phase transformations that greatly influence mechanical properties, such as strength, hardness, ductility, toughness, and wear resistance.. . "
"heat treating machines. heat treatment includes the controlled heating and cooling of materials at various rates. these treatments induce phase transformations that greatly influence mechanical properties, such as strength, hardness, ductility, toughness, and wear resistance.. induction heating machine. the part to be heat-treated is heated rapidly by the electromagnetic field generated by an induction coil carrying alternating current, which induces eddy currents in the part. the coil may be shaped to fit the contour of the part and may be designed to also quench the part.. "
"heat treating machines. heat treatment includes the controlled heating and cooling of materials at various rates. these treatments induce phase transformations that greatly influence mechanical properties, such as strength, hardness, ductility, toughness, and wear resistance.. quench machine. quench refers to the rapid cooling of a part to prevent phase transformations. quenching may be carried out in the following medias including water, brine (saltwater), oils, molten salts, air, caustic solutions, polymer solutions or gas.. "
"heat treating machines. heat treatment includes the controlled heating and cooling of materials at various rates. these treatments induce phase transformations that greatly influence mechanical properties, such as strength, hardness, ductility, toughness, and wear resistance.. heat treating age hardening furnace. furnace used to relieve mechanical stresses during the manufacture of aluminum heat exchangers.. "
"mechanical surface treatment machines. machines that mechanically improve the surface properties of finished components.. . "
"mechanical surface treatment machines. machines that mechanically improve the surface properties of finished components.. cladding machine. metals are bonded with a thin layer of corrosion-resistant metal by applying pressure with rolls or other means.. "
"mechanical surface treatment machines. machines that mechanically improve the surface properties of finished components.. shot peening machine. shot peening machines repeatedly hit the workpiece surface with a large number of cast steel, glass, or ceramic shot (small balls), making overlapping indentations on the surface. this process improves the fatigue life of the component and is used extensively on shafts, gears, springs, oil-well drilling equipment, and jet-engine parts.. "
"mechanical surface treatment machines. machines that mechanically improve the surface properties of finished components.. sand blasting machine. a metal surface treatment machine that uses sand at high pressure to remove impurities on the product surface.. "
"mechanical surface treatment machines. machines that mechanically improve the surface properties of finished components.. surface hardening electro discharge machine. a metal working machine that is used to harden the surface of the product at a certain location and depth only.. "
"metal treatment fixtures and tooling. fixtures and tooling used with metal treatment machinery and equipment.. . "
"metal treatment fixtures and tooling. fixtures and tooling used with metal treatment machinery and equipment.. electroplating rack. electroplating racks are used in electrochemical plating operations. they hold the workpieces to be plate and are electrically conductive at certain contact points, to enable the plating process. noncontact surfaces are covered with insulating material.. "
"metal treatment fixtures and tooling. fixtures and tooling used with metal treatment machinery and equipment.. physical vapor deposition rack. type of rack used in vapor deposition coating operations. it holds the workpieces to be coated.. "
"metal cleaning machinery and supplies. machinery used for\u00a0removal of solid, semisolid, or liquid contaminants from a surface.\u00a0 this is essential for more effective application of metalworking fluids, coating and painting, adhesive bonding, welding, brazing, soldering, reliable functioning of manufactured parts in machinery, food and beverage containers, storage, and assembly options.. . "
"metal cleaning machinery and supplies. machinery used for\u00a0removal of solid, semisolid, or liquid contaminants from a surface.\u00a0 this is essential for more effective application of metalworking fluids, coating and painting, adhesive bonding, welding, brazing, soldering, reliable functioning of manufactured parts in machinery, food and beverage containers, storage, and assembly options.. electrochemical metal cleaner. a type of cleaning fluid used in conjunction with electrochemical processes to clean parts. variations include, but are not limited to, alkaline solutions, emulsions, solvents, hot vapors, acids, salts, or organic compound mixtures.. "
"metal cleaning machinery and supplies. machinery used for\u00a0removal of solid, semisolid, or liquid contaminants from a surface.\u00a0 this is essential for more effective application of metalworking fluids, coating and painting, adhesive bonding, welding, brazing, soldering, reliable functioning of manufactured parts in machinery, food and beverage containers, storage, and assembly options.. chemical metal cleaner. type of metal cleaner employing chemicals\u00a0to remove the oil and grease from surfaces.\u00a0 includes\u00a0one or more of the following processes: solution, saponification, emulsification, dispersion, or aggregation.. "
"metal cleaning machinery and supplies. machinery used for\u00a0removal of solid, semisolid, or liquid contaminants from a surface.\u00a0 this is essential for more effective application of metalworking fluids, coating and painting, adhesive bonding, welding, brazing, soldering, reliable functioning of manufactured parts in machinery, food and beverage containers, storage, and assembly options.. mechanical or ultrasonic metal cleaner. a type of metal cleaner that physically disturbs the contaminants, as with wire or fiber brushing, dry or wet abrasive blasting, tumbling, and steam jets. ultrasonic cleaners use high frequency sound waves to create bubbles for loosening and removing dirt, scale, and other impurities from parts. mechanical or ultrasonic cleaners are particularly effective in removing rust, scale, and other contaminants.. "
"metal cleaning machinery and supplies. machinery used for\u00a0removal of solid, semisolid, or liquid contaminants from a surface.\u00a0 this is essential for more effective application of metalworking fluids, coating and painting, adhesive bonding, welding, brazing, soldering, reliable functioning of manufactured parts in machinery, food and beverage containers, storage, and assembly options.. aqueous cleaning and washing equipment. washing/cleaning system used in micro-chip and other production to remove waste products and other contaminants. "
"metal cleaning machinery and supplies. machinery used for\u00a0removal of solid, semisolid, or liquid contaminants from a surface.\u00a0 this is essential for more effective application of metalworking fluids, coating and painting, adhesive bonding, welding, brazing, soldering, reliable functioning of manufactured parts in machinery, food and beverage containers, storage, and assembly options.. thermal degreasing equipment. machinery that employs elevated temperatures in combination with soaps, solvents or other cleansing agents for the purpose of removing residual oil, grease or other contaminants from the surfaces of parts.. "
