"air cargo transport. . "
"air cargo transport. domestic air cargo transport. "
"air cargo transport. international air cargo transport. "
"air cargo transport. armored air transport. "
"air cargo transport. air transport of letters and parcels. "
"air cargo transport.  air transport of livestock or live animals. transport by air of live animals, including livestock, domestic pets, and zoo animals.. "
"rail cargo transport. . "
"rail cargo transport. boxcar transport services. "
"rail cargo transport. bulk cargo rail transport services. "
"rail cargo transport. livestock rail transport. "
"rail cargo transport. vehicle transport services. "
"rail cargo transport.  rail tankcar leasing service. lease or rental of railcars for the storage and or transport of petroleum products or chemicals or other fluids. "
"rail cargo transport.  rail boxcar or cargo car leasing service. lease or rental of railcars for the storage and or transport of cargo. "
"rail cargo transport. railway pushing or towing service. "
"rail cargo transport. railway transport services of letters and parcels. "
"rail cargo transport. railway transport by tanker car. "
"rail cargo transport. railway transport by refrigerator car. "
"marine cargo transport. . "
"marine cargo transport. domestic vessel transport services. "
"marine cargo transport. international vessel transport services. "
"marine cargo transport. domestic barge transport services. "
"marine cargo transport. international barge transport services. "
"marine cargo transport. armored marine transport. "
"marine cargo transport.  oil and gas offshore platform supply vessel service. service to provide boat and crew to transport oil and gas equipment and supplies to offshore facilities. "
"marine cargo transport. inland water transport by tankers. "
"marine cargo transport. inland water transport by refrigerator vessels. "
"marine cargo transport. coastal and transoceanic transport by tankers. "
"marine cargo transport. coastal and transoceanic water transport by refrigerator vessels. "
"marine cargo transport.  marine transport of livestock or live animals. marine transport of live animals, including livestock, domestic pets, and zoo animals.. "
"road cargo transport. . "
"road cargo transport. local area trucking services. "
"road cargo transport. regional or national trucking services. "
"road cargo transport. vehicle carrier services. "
"road cargo transport. relocation services. "
"road cargo transport.  tanker truck and trailer rental service. rental of commercial tanker trucks and trailers designed to transport liquids on roadways. "
"road cargo transport.  international trucking service. trucking service that involves border crossing where customs clearance is required. "
"road cargo transport.  petroleum or chemical trucking service. road transport of petroleum products or chemicals or other fluids using tanker truck and or trailers. "
"road cargo transport. road transport of dry bulk. "
"road cargo transport. road transport of letters and parcels. "
"road cargo transport.  road transport of livestock or live animals. road transport of live animals, including livestock, domestic pets, and zoo animals.. "
"intermodal cargo transport. . "
"intermodal cargo transport. air to ocean transportation. "
"intermodal cargo transport. ocean to rail transportation. "
"intermodal cargo transport. ocean to truck transportation. "
"intermodal cargo transport. air to truck transport. "
"intermodal cargo transport. rail truck transportation. "
"spacecraft cargo transport. . "
"spacecraft cargo transport. satellite launch services. "
"spacecraft cargo transport. experimental payload services. "
"pipeline services. . "
"pipeline services. petroleum products transport. "
"pipeline services. water transport. "
"pipeline services.  pipeline inline inspection service. service to inspect the condition of inline walls of the pipeline utilizing tools such as smart pigs. "
"postal and small parcel and courier services. . "
"postal and small parcel and courier services. national postal delivery services. "
"postal and small parcel and courier services. post office box services. "
"postal and small parcel and courier services. mailing or mail pick up or delivery services. "
"postal and small parcel and courier services. letter or small parcel worldwide delivery services. "
"postal and small parcel and courier services. letter or small parcel local delivery services. "
"postal and small parcel and courier services. bicycle or scooter messenger services. "
