"livestock. . "
"livestock. cats. "
"livestock. dogs. "
"livestock. mink. "
"livestock. rats. "
"livestock. horses. "
"livestock. sheep. "
"livestock. goats. "
"livestock. asses. "
"livestock. mice. "
"livestock. swine. "
"livestock. rabbits. "
"livestock. guinea pigs. "
"livestock. primates. "
"livestock. armadillos. "
"livestock. cattle. "
"livestock. camels. "
"livestock.  alpaca. the alpaca -from quechua allpaqa paqu or vicugna pacos- is a domestic species of the artiodactyla mammal family, derived from the wild vicuna.. "
"livestock.  buffalo or bison. large, shaggy herbivore that lives in herds.  synonym is bison.. "
"livestock.  llama. the llama is a very strong animal that was domesticated by the inhabitants of the andes. their wild relatives are guanacos and vicunas. the indians used them for centuries as pack animals, being able to support between 23 and 34 kilograms and travel with that weight up to 32 kilometers in a single day.. "
"birds and fowl. . "
"birds and fowl. live chickens. "
"birds and fowl. live ducks. "
"birds and fowl. live turkeys. "
"birds and fowl. live geese. "
"birds and fowl. live pheasants. "
"birds and fowl.  live ostrich. one of two species of large flightless birds native to africa, the only living members of the genus struthio, which is in the ratite family.. "
"birds and fowl.  live guinea fowl. type of bird in the galliformes order, although some authorities include the guineafowl as a subfamily, numidinae, of the family phasianidae.  native to africa.. "
"live fish. . "
"live fish. live salmon. "
"live fish. live trout. "
"live fish. live tilapia. "
"live fish. live carp. "
"live fish. live eels. "
"live fish.  live sole. member of the soleidae family, which includes more than one hundred species. it is a flat fish that lives in freshwater and sea water bottom streams and feeds with crustaceans and other invertebrate species.. "
"live fish.  live palometa fish or mylossoma aureum. palometa is a common name given to several sea water species due to the similar shape of its aspect.  belongs to perciformes order, stromateidae family, and is common in all seas.  common names include palometa de mar, palometa negra, palometa roja or alfonsino, palometa plateada or palometon platero, palometon chino, palometa mono or palometa pompano, chiri, gulf palometa, pacific palometa, etc.. "
"live fish.  live sardine fish. member of clupeidae family.  genus is sardine. it is a small oily fish that lives in large schools in coastal waters.. "
"live fish.  live red belly pacu fish. a type of omnivorous south american freshwater fish that is related to the piranha.  scientific name is piaractus brachypomus. family is characidae. genus is piaractus. native to the amazon, it is also known as gambitana, pacu blanco, pirapitinga, pirapating, pacu rojo, cachama blanca, morocoto.. "
"live fish.  live peruvian rock seabass fish. a type of gamefish that lives in rocky and sandy coastal areas.  scientific name is palabrax humeralis. family is serranidade.  other common names include: bagalo, cabrilla, cabrilla comun, cabrilla de roca, cabrilla gatito, cabrillones, cagalo, muni, cabrilla loca, cabrillon, lubina.. "
"live fish.  live paiche fish. a type of tropical freshwater fish found in the amazon and orinoco river basins.  common names are branquina, yowarachi.  it belongs to the osteoglossidae family. genus is arapaima. "
"live fish.  live mojarra fish. a type of prey and bait fish in many parts of the caribbean, including the south american coast and caribbean islands.  belongs to the sparidae, gerridae families and to the diplodus vulgaris species of the embiotocidae family.  it is also known as mojarras de espinas largas, mojarritas, mojarras de aleta amarilla, mojarrita bandera, mojarra plateada, mojarra manchita, mojarra espanola o blanquilla, mojarra costera, mojarrita cubana, mojarrita esbelta or flaca, mojarrita pinta, or mojarrita de ley. "
"live fish.  live mauri fish. a type of catfish native to lake titicaca in the bolivian highlands.  scientific name is trichomycterus dispar. family is trichomycteridae.  genus is trichomycterus.  other common names include mauri, mari and huita.. "
"live fish.  live maparate fish. a type of catfish native to the amazon.  scientific name is hypophthalmus marginatus. family is pimelodidae. genus is hypopthalmus.  its habitat is the lenitic and lotic environments of the amazon, orinoco, french guyana and suriname.. "
"live fish.  live lumptail sea robin fish. a type of sea robin fish, also known as gurnard, which is a bottom-feeding member of the scorpaeniform fishes in the family triglidae. they get their name from their large pectoral fins, which, when swimming, open and close like a birds wings in flight.  scientific name is prionotus stephanophrys. family is chordata. genus is prionotus. it has white flesh.  other common names include cabrilla voladora, pez gallina, rubio volador, gallineta jorobada, vaca voladora.. "
"live fish.  live llambina fish. a type of freshwater tropical fish found in the amazon and orinoco river basins.  scientifc name is potarmorhina altamazonica. family is curimatidae. genus is potamorhina.  common names include branquina, yowarachi.. "
"live fish.  live ispi fish. a type of pupfish native to the lake titicaca region of bolivia and peru.  it is a carnivorous plankton feeder and can reach a length between 9 and 22 centimetres. scientific name is orestias ispi.  family is cipirinodontidae.  genus is orestias.. "
"live fish.  live frigate tuna fish or melva fish. a small type of tuna fish that lives in tropical and sub-tropical waters.  scientific name is auxis thazard. family is scombridae. genus is auxis.  other common names are botellita, barrileto negro, cabana negra, barrilete negro.. "
"live fish.  live freshwater silverside fish. a variety of silverside fish found in freshwater.  this species is different from the sea silverside as it does not have a protractile or expandable mouth and has a very elongated body.  a closely related species from argentina, odontesthes bonaerensis, is currently found in the lake titicaca region of the bolivian and peruvian altiplano. this species is morphologically different from the sea silverside in the number of gill-rakers or spines located in the upper , such as the native species basilichthys archaeus or river silverside.. "
"live fish.  live acarahuazu fish. a tropical freshwater fish native to peru, colombia, brazil and french guyana.  it is also known as oscar, tigre oscar, pavon copaneca.  scientific name is astronotus ocellatus.  family is cichlidae.  genus is astronotus.. "
"live fish.  live arawana fish. a characteristic fish of the amazonian jungle although it is also related to other australian --scleropages jardinii-- and asian --scleropages formosum-- species. alternate names include pez dragon, pez mono. scientific name is osteoglossum bicirrhosum. order is osteoglossiform. family is osteoglossidae.. "
"live fish.  live armored catfish or carachama. a tropical zone freshwater fish native to the amazon river basin.  carachama means ribless; its scales are like armor.  scientific name is pseudorinelepis genibarbis.  family is loricariidae.  order is siluriformes.. "
"live fish.  live black prochilodus. a tropical zone freshwater fish found in the basins of the amazon, tocantins and argentina rivers. species is prochilodus nigricans. family is prochilodontidae. genus is prochilodus.. "
"live fish.  live blochs catfish. a tropical freshwater fish found in the basins of the amazon and orinoco rivers.  scientific names include pimelodus blochi, valenciennes, pimelodus clarias, bloch, pseudorhamdia macronema, bleeker, pseudorhamdia piscatrix, cope, glanis clarias bloch. family is pimelodidae.  genus is pimelodus.  common names include cuatro lineas, moni.. "
"live fish.  live bobo mullet. a type of ocean and freshwater fish.  species is joturus pichardi.  genus is joturus --the only one.  family is mugilidae.. "
"live fish.  live cabinza grunt. a type of ocean fish in the monospecific isacia genus.  scientific name is isacia conceptionis.  family is haemulidae.. "
"live fish.  live carachi fish. a tropical zone freshwater fish native to highland lakes and tributary rivers in south america. it is a benthic carnivorous species. scientific names: orestias agassii, orestias luteus, orestias olivaceus. family is ciprinodontidae. genus is orestias. common names: carachi negro, carachi enano, carachi amarillo, gringo, punku, kello.. "
"live fish.  live cascafe fish. a tropical zone freshwater fish found in the trans-andean river basins of peru and ecuador. scientific name is brycon atrocaudatus. family is characidae. genus is brycon.. "
"live fish.  live freshwater palometa fish or mylossoma duriventre. palometa is a common name given to several species due to the similar shape of its aspect. among these are catoprion mento, mylossoma duriventre, pygocentrus nattereri, pygopristis denticulata, of the serrasalmus genus, serrasalmus marginatus and serrasalmus spilopleura. perciformes order, cichlidae family, australoheros facetus. common names include palometa caribe, palometa amarilla, palometa negra, chanchito, chanchita, pez dolar de plata, etc order is caraciformes. family is characidae. sub-family is serrasalminae.. "
"live fish.  live goldfish. a species of fish also called golden carpin or golden carpa (carassius auratus). it is a freshwater fish in the cyprinidae family. it was one of the earliest fish to be domesticated, and nowadays it is one of the most commonly kept aquarium fish.. "
"live fish.  live swordfish. a species of fish (xiphias gladius) from the xiphiidae family. it is highly migratory and predatory, characterized by a long flat bill, and is a popular sport fish. it can reach a maximum of 4.3 m and a weight of 540 kg. the international game fish associations all-tackle angling record for a swordfish was a 536 kg specimen taken off iquique, chile in 1953, where it is known as \"\"albacora\"\" or \u201cel gladiador\u201d .. "
"live fish.  live tambaqui. known scientifically as colossoma macropomum, this fish is native to the amazon and orinoco river basins in south america. it matures rapidly and can be raised on fish farms. reproduction on farms is artificially performed with hormonal injection. the flesh is firm and tasty, and the colombian and brasilian markets demand it a lot. it is important to mention that its reproduction cycle is really fast. it reaches commercial size within three to four months and weighs 300 to 350 grams.. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. . "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live shrimp. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live clams. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live mussels. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live oysters. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live crabs. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live abalone. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live octopi. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates. live squid. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates.  leeches. the medicinal leech, hirudo medicinalis, which is native to europe, and its congeners have been used for clinical bloodletting for thousands of years.. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates.  live sponge. an aquatic multicellular organism. "
"shellfish and aquatic invertebrates.  live lobster. lobster is a variety of sea crustacean.  the scientific name is palinurus elephas.  the most important lobster varieties are the red lobster or royal spiny lobster --of higher gastronomic value--, portugals pink rock lobster, american lobster and mauritanias green lobster.. "
"insects. . "
"insects. butterflies. "
"insects. beetles. "
"insects. bees. "
"insects. silkworms. "
"insects.  live chilean recluse spider. a type of poisonous spider native to south america. its scientific name is loxosceles laeta, a species of the sicariidae family. it is considered to be the most dangerous spider of the loxosceles genus. its bite can generate severe systemic reactions, even death. its web is irregular and is generally located in corners which do not trap prey effectively, hence the spider leaves to hunt its prey especially at night. common names include arana de rincon or arana de los rincones.. "
"insects.  live aphid lion or chrysoperla externa. the aphid lion or chrysoperla externa is an insect species used as a biological control agent for agriculture in tropical and warm regions of central and south america. it is a highly adaptable predator that can be found in cold, warm and tropical climates. it can also tolerate carbamate and phosporous organic pesticides.. "
"insects.  live insidious flower bug. the orius insidiosus is a bug considered as a beneficial insect as it is a predator of other insects that attack agricultural crops and is commonly used for biological control.  both adults and larvae are predators.. "
"insects.  live southern black widow. a type of poisonous spider whose scientific name is latrodectus mactans, an araneomorph, the largest of the theridiidae family. the female has a red sand clock-shape stain in the lower side of the abdomen. it can be found in warm, dark places such as woodpiles. however, it also builds nests on plants. the black widows venom is mainly neurotoxic. it is also known as arana de lino or cuyucha, arana del trigo or arana de poto colorado, capulina spider, cazanpulga spider, american black widow.. "
"insects.  live sugarcane borer or stem borer. the diatraea saccharalis are lepidopter insects that are one of the most destructive insect species to cultivated plants in many agricultural producing countries, such as argentina and united states. their larvae feed on stems and leaves, leaving holes that damage the plant, break it, prevent the transport of nutrients and substances and are the entry way for fungi, whose toxins can be dangerous to human health. they are also known as stem borers.. "
"wild animals. . "
"wild animals. elephants. "
"wild animals. live foxes. "
"wild animals.  live bothrops pit viper snake. a venomous pit viper snake spanning 32 species distributed from the northeast of mexico to central america and the caribbean and most of south america. it is responsible for most of the deaths from snakebite in the americas.  it is also known as punta de lanza, jaracaca, terciopelo, urutu, lanceheads, american lanceheads, jergon, barba amarilla, mapanare, ullaca real, yarara, yoperojobobo.. "
"wild animals.  live chironius or vine snake. a type of tree-dwelling snake spanning 13 species.  it lives in tropical rainforests and mountain forests of central and south america and feeds on frogs.  it is also known as culebra verde, cabeza verde de latinoamerica, sipo, culebra marron del amazonas.. "
"wild animals.  live clelia or mussurana snake. a type of snake spanning 10 species whose prey is lizards and other snakes.  it lives close to forests and similar habitats.  it is found from mexico to argentina east of the andean mountain range. it is also known as mussurana, culebra marron de collar, mexican culebra ofiofaga.. "
"wild animals.  live drymarchon or indigo snake. a type of snake spanning 4 species that immobilizes its prey with its jaws.  when disturbed, it whistles, vibrates its tail and flattens its neck.  although it can be found in different places, it prefers to be close to water. it is found from florida and texas in the usa to argentina.  it is also known as serpiente indigo, serpiente parda, culebra americana, cazador rabo negro.. "
"wild animals.  live epicrates or rainbow boa snake. a type of snake spanning 11 species that kills it prey by constriction.  some species are five meters long and others do not exceed one meter and fifty centimeters.  it is found in central and south america and the caribbean islands.  it is also known as boa cubana o maja, boa arco iris, jiboia parda, boa fords, boa manchada, boa de mona, boa de franjas de las bahamas.. "
"wild animals.  live giraffe. a large mammal native to africa.  its scientific name is giraffa camelopardalis, an artiodactyla mammal species from the giraffidae family.. "
"wild animals.  live bushmaster or lachesis snake. a type of venomous snake spanning 4 species.  it is one of the largest snakes with a length that can reach up to three meters with seventy-five centimeters.  rather than a rattle, its tail has a corneal spine. it lives in cold microclimates of tropical rainforests, especially in mountains.  this species is highly agressive and attacks and bites its victims without provocation.  the bites may easily be mortal.  it is also known as mapana rayo, bushmaster, senor de los arbustos, surucucu, cascabel muda, shushupe, verrugos. "
"wild animals.  live coral or micrurus snake. a type of venomous snake spanning 76 species. its color is typically red, yellow or white and black rings. its venom is a powerful neurotoxic-type venom, however there are relatively few instances of human snakebite due to its timid and peaceful nature. almost all free coral snakes are ophiophagus. it ranges throughout the americas, except in some mountainous areas, from the usa to 40 degrees south latitude in argentina. it is also known as coral, coral snake, mboi-cumbe, coralillo, candelilla, cobra arle. "
"wild animals.  live paca. a species of rodent of the cuniculidae family.  it lives near water sources in the tropical forests and mountains of mexico, paraguay, argentina, peru, venezuela, colombia, ecuador and bolivia.  the paca is indiscriminately hunted due to its excellent and extremely soft meat, as well as for its pork-like flavor, which together with the destruction of its habitat threaten its survival as a species. it can be tamed and bred.. "
"wild animals.  live philodryas snake. a type of snake spanning 21 species that inhabits tree-like growth and feeds on lizards and frogs.  it is not harmful to human beings.  it is found throughout south america up to 45 degrees south latitude in argentina.  it is also known as culebra verde, arbolera narigona, bolivian snake, culebra de las galapagos, culebra de santa catharina, culebra del mato grosso, brazilian snake, culebra marron-verdosa, culebra sin banda, iris dorado, culebra con banda, culebra verde de mari. "
"wild animals.  live xenodon snake. a type of snake spanning 5 species that is harmless and lives in tropical forests.  it is usually found on the ground, in wet areas and prefers proximity to water.  it is found from mexico to argentina, east of the andes.  it is also known as falsa fer de lance, falsa yarara. "
"wild animals.  live hyenas. hyenas or hyaenas are any feliform carnivoran mammals of the family hyaenidae.  with only four extant species, it is the fifth-smallest biological family in the carnivora, and one of the smallest in the class mammalia.  despite their low diversity, hyenas are unique and vital components of most african ecosystems.. "
"wild animals.  live kangaroo. the kangaroo is a marsupial from the family macropodidae.  in common use the term is used to describe the largest species from this family, especially those of the genus macropus: the red kangaroo, antilopine kangaroo, eastern grey kangaroo, and western grey kangaroo. kangaroos are endemic to australia. "
"wild animals.  live caracals. the caracal is a medium-sized wild cat that lives in africa, the middle east, persia and the indian subcontinent. it reaches 40\u201350 centimetres at the shoulder, and weighs 8\u201318 kilograms. the coat is uniformly reddish tan or sandy, while the ventral parts are lighter with small reddish markings. the caracal is characterised by a robust build, long legs, a short face, long tufted ears, and long canine teeth. "
"wild animals.  live monkeys. monkeys are haplorhine primates, a paraphyletic group generally possessing tails and consisting of about 260 known living species. many monkey species are tree-dwelling, although there are species that live primarily on the ground, such as baboons. most species are also active during the day. monkeys are generally considered to be intelligent, particularly old world monkeys. "
"wild animals.  live bats. bats are mammals of the order chiroptera whose forelimbs form webbed wings, making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight. by contrast, other mammals said to fly, such as flying squirrels, gliding possums, and colugos, can only glide for short distances. bats do not flap their entire forelimbs, as birds do, but instead flap their spread-out digits, which are very long and covered with a thin membrane or patagium.. "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. . "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. chicken hatching eggs. fertilized chicken eggs for grow-out. "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. turkey hatching eggs. fertilized turkey eggs for grow-out. "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. goose hatching eggs. fertilized goose eggs for grow-out. "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. pheasant hatching eggs. fertilized pheasant eggs for grow-out. "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. ostrich hatching eggs. fertilized ostrich eggs for grow-out. "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. guinea fowl hatching eggs. fertilized guinea fowl eggs for grow-out. "
"birds and fowl hatching eggs. fertilized bird eggs for grow-out. duck hatching eggs. fertilized duck eggs for grow-out. "
