"liquid vending machines. . "
"liquid vending machines. machines dispensing single servings with cups. "
"liquid vending machines. machines dispensing bulk quantities. "
"piece and part vending machines. . "
"piece and part vending machines. bottle or can vending machines. "
"piece and part vending machines. gumball candy or childrens novelties machines. "
"piece and part vending machines. snack or small package goods display machines. "
"piece and part vending machines. a la carte foods vending machines. "
"piece and part vending machines. frozen confections machines. "
"piece and part vending machines. personal accommodation item dispensers. "
"piece and part vending machines. cigarette machines. "
"piece and part vending machines. drug dispensers. "
"piece and part vending machines.  shoe shining machine. a type of auto vending machine that polishes the shoes by the rotating sole supplied with the shoe chemical or gloss sole to polish.. "
"prepared to order food vending machines. . "
"prepared to order food vending machines. french fry vending machines. "
"prepared to order food vending machines. popcorn vending machines. "
"service and ticket vending machines. . "
"service and ticket vending machines. ticket dispensing machines. "
"service and ticket vending machines. insurance policy vending machines. "
"service and ticket vending machines. stamp machines. "
"service and ticket vending machines.  automatic ticket checking and collecting machine. a device that examines the passenger ticket automatically to open the gate or collect the ticket while controlling the access of users.. "
"service and ticket vending machines.  automatic coin change machine. a system that controls the access by confirming the toll charges if injected with coin for the fees set forth for the toll roads.. "
"service and ticket vending machines.  restaurant customer management system. a system that automatically processes the statistics of number of restaurant users or automatically process the meal charge by reading the personal id or fixed sum card in company cafeteria and others.. "
"currency vending machines. . "
"currency vending machines. automatic teller machines atms. "
"currency vending machines. bill to coin changers. "
"currency vending machines. foreign currency exchange machines. "
"currency vending machines. electronic funds transfer point of sale equipment. "
"currency vending machines. automatic teller machine accessories. "
"currency vending machines.  queue numbering system. a device that determines the automatic sequence of waiting customers in public institutions, such as financial institution or hospital, and undertake the responsive works.. "
