"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. . "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. tube frame connector. multiple way connector linking a pole to either ridges or purlins. it links all perimeter pieces and comes in different shapes and angles (t, u, two way corner, crowns, etc.).. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. anchor plate. metal plate through which anchors (pegs or mechanical) are driven, used either as a base plate or as part of an anchorage system to which a guy wire is hooked up to in order to hold tension.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. bail ring. ring moving up and down the mast attached to the higher end of the canvas and part of a center pole. its purpose is to lift the fabric to its peak and hold it in place at the top of the pole by means of ropes or cables.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. base plate. a device used at the base of a column to provide firm footing and sometimes act as a pivot to bring the pole up into position during installation and down when dismantling.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. cupola. a rigid structure on which the rooftop canvas sections of a tent can be laced or attached. it is mainly used for lifting and acts as an anchor point for the tents roof canvas.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. funicular bell. element fixed on a guy by a pulley, between the masts and the side poles, which replaces the function of interior quarter poles by supporting the canvas, giving the tent roof a particular shape and more interior space.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. gable. part of the end wall of a temporary self-standing tents roof structure. it is usually triangular in shape.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. gin pole and accessories. a simple hoisting and loading device consisting of block and tackle suspended from near the top of a single pole or multiple poles, termed a mast, held vertically or obliquely (when also a boom) by guys. its purpose is to change the angle or direction of a cable.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. mast section and king pole. a column or truss, that can be divided into sections, rising vertically in the middle of a tent or on the sides of a center piece structure. rigged to stand or lift the roof canvas of a tent, it is the highest pole of the tent and main support of the roof canvas.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. side pole. pole that supports the perimeter of the tents roof.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. stake or peg. pieces of material that are driven into the ground and are part of an anchoring system that holds the guy cables or the anchor plates of a structure.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. transom. a horizontal member which is placed on top of upright poles and generally used to make an entrance to a tent.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. steel a-frame. triangular shaped structure composed of square steel tubing with a stirrup welded at the top in which the stringer or support beam sits. acts as a structural support. in some cases, the stirrup can be mounted on a threaded rod or screw-jack which makes it adjustable.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. structural brace. a device (such as a bar or an angle bracket) placed between two other pieces, used as a tie or strut to bear transverse strains and prevent distortion.. "
"portable structure consolidating components. units generic to portable structures, such as gin poles, stakes and pegs, tube frame connectors, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units or components of the portable structure, such as a tent, grandstand, or stage, etc, or to fix them to the ground.. structural alignment tool. in portable structures, non-structural tubing or devices installed between two or more structural parts, used to set and regulate the spacing between those parts.. "
"grandstand bleacher and stair structural components. units specific to grandstands and bleachers found in temporary structures, such as seat stringers, footboards, and risers, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units of the structure.. . "
"grandstand bleacher and stair structural components. units specific to grandstands and bleachers found in temporary structures, such as seat stringers, footboards, and risers, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units of the structure.. grandstand footboard and accessories. floor panels specially built for grandstands which, once set up, become part of the structure.. "
"grandstand bleacher and stair structural components. units specific to grandstands and bleachers found in temporary structures, such as seat stringers, footboards, and risers, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units of the structure.. stair step. in portable structures such as grandstands, the horizontal surface on which people walk to go up or down stairways.. "
"grandstand bleacher and stair structural components. units specific to grandstands and bleachers found in temporary structures, such as seat stringers, footboards, and risers, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units of the structure.. stringer. tiered or stepped metal structures which act as the main support of a grandstands structure on which one installs the seats, the footboards, etc.. "
"grandstand bleacher and stair structural components. units specific to grandstands and bleachers found in temporary structures, such as seat stringers, footboards, and risers, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other units of the structure.. stair riser. vertical structural element covering the space between two steps in a staircase.. "
"tent and membrane structure framing and covering components. components of tent or membrane structures, such as masts, side poles, struts, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other parts of the tent or membrane structure. these components are designed to be installed and dismantled repeatedly and to be resistant to weather hazards.. . "
"tent and membrane structure framing and covering components. components of tent or membrane structures, such as masts, side poles, struts, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other parts of the tent or membrane structure. these components are designed to be installed and dismantled repeatedly and to be resistant to weather hazards.. framing beam or rail or tubing. parts of framed tent structures that contribute to the final framing and consolidate the roof, walls, or other parts of the structure. they include purlins and eaves, rafters, ridge poles, side wall rails, uprights, etc.. "
"tent and membrane structure framing and covering components. components of tent or membrane structures, such as masts, side poles, struts, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other parts of the tent or membrane structure. these components are designed to be installed and dismantled repeatedly and to be resistant to weather hazards.. portable structure canvas section. section of technical textile that is cut, glued, welded and equipped with ropes, ties, grommets etc. according to an engineering design in order to be assembled onto a tent or membrane structure.. "
"tent and membrane structure framing and covering components. components of tent or membrane structures, such as masts, side poles, struts, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other parts of the tent or membrane structure. these components are designed to be installed and dismantled repeatedly and to be resistant to weather hazards.. polytetrafluoroethylene membrane structure. roof structure made of ptfe to avoid sun, snow and rain. "
"tent and membrane structure framing and covering components. components of tent or membrane structures, such as masts, side poles, struts, or others, that are designed either to support loads or to transmit loads to other parts of the tent or membrane structure. these components are designed to be installed and dismantled repeatedly and to be resistant to weather hazards.. polyvinyl fluoride structure membrane structure. roof structure made of pvf to avoid sun, snow and rain. "
