"wall finishing materials. . "
"wall finishing materials. wallboard. "
"wall finishing materials. wallpapers. "
"wall finishing materials. drywall. "
"wall finishing materials. corner guards. "
"wall finishing materials. panels or paneling. "
"wall finishing materials. wallpaper roller. "
"wall finishing materials. gypsum board. "
"wall finishing materials. plastic wall covering. "
"wall finishing materials. wall fabric. "
"ceiling materials. . "
"ceiling materials. acoustic ceiling tiles. "
"ceiling materials. ceiling panels. "
"ceiling materials. coffers. "
"ceiling materials. suspended ceiling systems. "
"flooring. . "
"flooring. carpeting. "
"flooring. wood flooring. "
"flooring. linoleum. "
"flooring. rubber flooring. "
"flooring. stone or tile flooring. "
"flooring. vinyl flooring. "
"flooring. knotted carpeting. "
"flooring. tufted carpeting. "
"flooring. laminate flooring. "
"flooring. outdoor carpeting. "
"flooring. flooring joists. "
"flooring. carpet pads. "
"flooring. cork flooring. "
"flooring. duckboards. "
"flooring. access flooring. "
"flooring. non skid steel flooring. "
"flooring. carpet or rug underlays. "
"flooring.  floor panel. flooring element for interiors, not for grandstands, bleachers or stages.. "
"flooring.  flooring threshold. item that provides smooth finishing of flooring edges.. "
"cabinetry. . "
"cabinetry. cabinets. "
"cabinetry. domestic cupboard. "
"cabinetry. school cupboard. "
"cabinetry. laboratory cupboard. "
"cabinetry. wardrobe. "
"cabinetry. drawer. "
"cabinetry.  drawer slide. an assembled track that allows a drawer to be opened and closed.. "
"cabinetry.  bumper pad. bumper pads are used to protect cabinet doors and drawer fronts from slamming into the cabinet frame. also described as a small spongy material placed on any cabinet door designed to soften the noise as the door is closed.. "
"cabinetry.  tri view cabinet. small storage cabinet made of wood or some other material.. "
"molding and millwork. . "
"molding and millwork. louvers. "
"molding and millwork. columns. "
"molding and millwork. wainscoting. "
"molding and millwork. cornices. "
"molding and millwork. door surrounds. "
"molding and millwork. molding. "
"molding and millwork. stair parts. "
"interior laminates. laminate is a resin-or metal-based finishing material used in countertop fabrication, cabinetry, wall covering in kitchens and baths and as flooring. there are several well known brands available such as nevamar, formica and wilsonart.. . "
"interior laminates. laminate is a resin-or metal-based finishing material used in countertop fabrication, cabinetry, wall covering in kitchens and baths and as flooring. there are several well known brands available such as nevamar, formica and wilsonart.. high pressure laminate. laminate finishing material that is mainly used as a countertop finishing material and as a wall covering. this material is available in sheet form.. "
"interior laminates. laminate is a resin-or metal-based finishing material used in countertop fabrication, cabinetry, wall covering in kitchens and baths and as flooring. there are several well known brands available such as nevamar, formica and wilsonart.. specialty laminate. specialty laminate is designed for particular applications, such as custom print, flame retardant, etc.. "
"interior laminates. laminate is a resin-or metal-based finishing material used in countertop fabrication, cabinetry, wall covering in kitchens and baths and as flooring. there are several well known brands available such as nevamar, formica and wilsonart.. metal laminate. laminate material made out of metal, generally aluminum and available in a variety of finishes. used as finishing material for countertops, wall covering, and in some cabinetry and furniture applications.. "
"interior laminates. laminate is a resin-or metal-based finishing material used in countertop fabrication, cabinetry, wall covering in kitchens and baths and as flooring. there are several well known brands available such as nevamar, formica and wilsonart.. edgebanding laminate. edgebanding is a laminate material used to finish the edges of countertops and as a finishing material for cabinetry.. "
"interior laminates. laminate is a resin-or metal-based finishing material used in countertop fabrication, cabinetry, wall covering in kitchens and baths and as flooring. there are several well known brands available such as nevamar, formica and wilsonart.. rigid thermal foil rtf. three dimensional laminate that is made of a rigid vinyl film composite. used in cabinet production.. "
"stairs and stairways. . "
"stairs and stairways. steel stairs. "
"stairs and stairways. wooden stairs. "
"stairs and stairways. concrete stairs. "
"stairs and stairways.  stair nosing. a type of stair tread protection.. "
"countertops. . "
"countertops. laminate countertop. "
"countertops.  cultured marble countertop. cultured marble is a mixture of resin, marble dust, and catalyst. pigments are added to the mixture to get the desired colors.. "
"countertops.  solid surface countertop. type of countertop made of solid synthetic sheets formed by mixing a mineral compound with polyester and/or acrylic resins, the countertop is smooth and uniform throughout. it has the look of stone without the seams or potential color variations. "
"countertops.  granite countertop. type of countertop made of plutonic igneous rock having visibly crystalline texture; generally composed of feldspar and mica and quartz. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. . "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. lazy susan hardware or assembly. shelves inside of cabinets that spin for easy access. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. spice rack or spice drawer insert. spice rack or door inserts that are built into a cabinet. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. pull out waste basket hardware or assembly. waste basket built into cabinets. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. pantry hardware or assembly. shelving and related organizers for a pantry type cabinet. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. tilt out tray hardware or assembly. a type of tray that opens by tilting instead of opening like a regular drawer. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. door mount or sliding towel hardware or assembly. device for holding towels that hooks to cabinets or over cabinet doors. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. pull out or tip out hamper hardware or assembly. component hardware for a type of hamper that is accessed by tipping or pulling out.. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. bread box lid or assembly. container for storing bread that is integrated into a cabinet.. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. stemware rack. a specialized rack for holding glasses that is mounted inside a cabinet.. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. roll out tray. a type of tray attached to a cabinet that can be rolled out.. "
"cabinet accessories. accessories that go inside a cabinet such as lazy susans, cutlery trays, slide out bins, etc.. slide out storage bin or assembly. a type of storage container mounted inside a cabinet that can be accessed by sliding it out.. "
"partition walls. an upright, moveable structure of wood, plastic or other building material serving to enclose, divide, or protect an area within a building.. . "
"partition walls. an upright, moveable structure of wood, plastic or other building material serving to enclose, divide, or protect an area within a building.. folding wall. a type of wall structure that can be folded to convert one large room into two small rooms.. "
"partition walls. an upright, moveable structure of wood, plastic or other building material serving to enclose, divide, or protect an area within a building.. screen wall or cubicle. a moveable structure used to separate workplaces within a large room. "
"partition walls. an upright, moveable structure of wood, plastic or other building material serving to enclose, divide, or protect an area within a building.. interior wall system. prefabricated wall system used when building small rooms within a large office area. "
"partition walls. an upright, moveable structure of wood, plastic or other building material serving to enclose, divide, or protect an area within a building.. cold storage wall. insulated wall used in cold storage buildings.. "
