"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. . "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin a supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin a is a group of nutritionally unsaturated hydrocarbons that includes retinol, retinal, retinoic acid, and several provitamin a carotenoids including beta-carotene.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b1 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin b1 (or thiamine or thiamin) is a water-soluble vitamin of the b complex. its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b2 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin b2 (or riboflavin) plays a key role in energy metabolism, and for the metabolism of fats, ketone bodies, carbohydrates, and proteins.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b3 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.  vitamin b3 (or niacin or nicotinic acid) is one of the essential human nutrients.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b5 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin b5 (or pantothenic acid or pantothenate) an essential nutrient required to synthesize coenzyme-a, as well as to synthesize and metabolize proteins, carbohydrates, and fats.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b6 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. several forms of the vitamin b6 are known, but pyridoxal phosphate is the active form and is a cofactor in many reactions of amino acid metabolism, including transamination, deamination, and decarboxylation. it is also necessary for the enzymatic reaction governing the release of glucose from glycogen.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b7 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin b7 (or biotin or vitamin h or coenzyme r) a coenzyme for carboxylase enzymes, involved in the synthesis of fatty acids, isoleucine, and valine, and in gluconeogenesis.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b9 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin b9 (or folic acid, folate, vitamin m, vitamin bc, folacin, pteroyl-l-glutamic acid, and pteroyl-l-glutamate) are forms of the water-soluble vitamin b9. the human body needs folate to synthesize and repair dna, as well as for other functions.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin b12 supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin b12 (or cobalamin) is used by the human body for dna synthesis and regulation, and also fatty acid synthesis and energy production.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin c supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin c (or l-ascorbic acid, or ascorbate (the anion of ascorbic acid)) is an essential nutrient for humans and certain other animal species. vitamin c refers to a number of vitamers that have vitamin c activity in animals, including ascorbic acid and its salts, and some oxidized forms of the molecule like dehydroascorbic acid.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin d supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin d is a group of fat-soluble secosteroids responsible for enhancing intestinal absorption of calcium and phosphate. in humans, the most important compounds in this group are vitamin d3 (also known as cholecalciferol) and vitamin d2 (ergocalciferol).. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin e supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin e refers to a group of eight fat-soluble compounds that include both tocopherols and tocotrienols.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. vitamin k supplement. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. vitamin k is a group of structurally similar, fat-soluble vitamins (2-methyl-1,4-naphthoquinone (3-) derivatives) that the human body needs for posttranslational modification of certain proteins required for blood coagulation, and in metabolic pathways in bone and other tissue.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. choline. this classification denotes a water-soluble vitamin with the molecular formula c5h14no, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier n91bdp6h0x, chemically known as 2-hydroxy-n,n,n-trimethylethanaminium but more generally known as choline, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 305. the european medicines agency schedules choline in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub13349mig. choline is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. smiles: occ[n](c)(c)c. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. retinol. this classification denotes a fat-soluble vitamin with the molecular formula c20h30o, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier g2sh0xkk91, chemically known as 3,7-dimethyl-9-(2,6,6-trimethyl-1-cyclohexenyl)-nona-2,4,6,8-tetraen-1-ol but more generally known as retinol, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 1071. the european medicines agency schedules retinol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10292mig. the term retinol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 22, no. 10, 1968, list 8). the world health organization schedules retinol in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. retinol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. smiles: oc/c=c(/c=c/c=c(/c=c/c1=c(cccc1(c)c)c)c)c.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. ergocalciferol. this classification denotes a vitamin d with the molecular formula c28h44o, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier vs041h42xc, chemically known as 9,10-secoergosta-5,7,10(19),22-tetraen-3-ol, (3beta,5z,7e,22e)- but more generally known as ergocalciferol, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 5280793. european medicines agency schedules ergocalciferol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06596mig. the term ergocalciferol is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules ergocalciferol in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary. ergocalciferol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. betacarotene. this classification denotes a vitamin d with the molecular formula c28h44o, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier vs041h42xc, chemically known as 9,10-secoergosta-5,7,10(19),22-tetraen-3-ol, (3beta,5z,7e,22e)- but more generally known as ergocalciferol, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 5280793. european medicines agency schedules ergocalciferol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06596mig. the term ergocalciferol is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules ergocalciferol in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary. ergocalciferol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. dexpanthenol. this classification denotes a vitamin with the molecular formula c9h19no4, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 1o6c93ri7z, chemically known as 2,4-dihydroxy-n-(3-hydroxypropyl)-3,3-dimethylbutyramide, d-(+)- but more generally known as dexpanthenol, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 4678. european medicines agency schedules dexpanthenol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07042mig. the term dexpanthenol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 19 1975, list 5). world health organization schedules dexpanthenol in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary. dexpanthenol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. doxercalciferol. this classification denotes a vitamin d analog with the molecular formula c28h44o2, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 3diz9lf5y9, chemically known as vitamin d2, 1alpha-hydroxy- but more generally known as doxercalciferol, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 5281107. european medicines agency schedules doxercalciferol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub01826mig. the term doxercalciferol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 3, 2000, list 44). world health organization schedules doxercalciferol in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. biotin. this classification denotes a b vitamin with the molecular formula c10h16n2o3s, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 6so6u10h04, chemically known as 2-keto-3,4-imidazolido-2-tetrahydrothiophene-n-valeric acid but more generally known as biotin, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 253. biotin comes in many forms, including including base, amide, disulfide n-hydroxysuccinimide, hydrazide, methyl ester, peo iodoacetamide, polyethyleneoxide iodoacetamide, sulfone, sulfoxide, 3-sulfo-n-hydroxysuccinimide ester, and 4-amidobenzoic acid. european medicines agency schedules biotin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05841mig. the term biotin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 15 no. 1, 2001, list 45). world health organization schedules biotin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary. biotin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. diosmin. this classification denotes a bioflavonoid with the molecular formula c28h32o15, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 7qm776wj5n, chemically known as 4h-1-benzopyran-4-one, 7-((6-o-(6-deoxy-alpha-l-mannopyranosyl)-beta-d-glucopyranosyl)oxy)-5-hydroxy-2-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)- but more generally known as diosmin, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 5281613. european medicines agency schedules diosmin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07198mig. the term diosmin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 1, 2000, list 43). world health organization schedules diosmin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary. diosmin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. paricalcitol. this classification denotes a vitamin d analog, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 6702d36og5. european medicines agency schedules paricalcitol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09627mig. paricalcitol generally arises in the molecular formula c27h44o3. the term paricalcitol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 12 no. 2 1999, list 40.) paricalcitol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix.. "
"vitamin supplements. vitamin supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.. pyridoxal phosphate. this classification denotes a b vitamin with the molecular formula c8h10no6p.h2o, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 5v5ioj8338, chemically known as 4-pyridinecarboxaldehyde, 3-hydroxy-2-methyl-5-((phosphonooxy)methyl)- but more generally known as pyridoxal phosphate, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 1051. european medicines agency schedules pyridoxal phosphate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub04137mig. world health organization schedules pyridoxal phosphate in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. . "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional calcium supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. calcium is needed for muscle, heart and digestive system health, builds bone, supports synthesis and function of blood cells.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional copper supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. copper is required component of many redox enzymes, including cytochrome c oxidase.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional fluoride supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary fluoride supplements in the form of tablets, lozenges, or liquids (including fluoride-vitamin preparations) are used primarily for children in areas without fluoridated drinking water. the supplements prevent cavities in permanent teeth.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional iodine supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. iodine is required for the synthesis of thyroid hormones, thyroxine and triiodothyronine and to prevent goiter, and also for mammary and salivary glands and for gastric mucosa and immune system (thymus).. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional iron supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. iron is required for many proteins and enzymes, notably hemoglobin to prevent anemia.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional magnesium supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. magnesium is required for processing atp and for bones.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional manganese supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. manganese is a cofactor in enzyme functions.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional molybdenum supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. molybdenum is the oxidases xanthine oxidase, aldehyde oxidase, and sulfite oxidase.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional phosphorus supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. phosphorus is a component of bones, cells, in energy processing and many other functions.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional potassium supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. potassium is a systemic electrolyte and is essential in coregulating atp with sodium.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional selenium supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. selenium is a cofactor essential to activity of antioxidant enzymes like glutathione peroxidase.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional sodium supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. sodium is a systemic electrolyte and is essential in coregulating atp with potassium.. "
"nutritional mineral supplements. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary minerals are the chemical elements required by humans, other than the four elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen present in common organic molecules.. nutritional zinc supplement. mineral supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. zinc is pervasive and required for several enzymes such as carboxypeptidase, liver alcohol dehydrogenase, and carbonic anhydrase.. "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. . "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. amino acid nutritional supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. essential amino acids cannot be synthesized natively by humans and therefore must be supplied in the diet.  essential amino acides include histidine, isoleucine, leucine, lysine, methionine, phenylalanine, threonine, tryptophan and valine. nonessential amino acids include alanine, arginine, aspartic acid, cysteine, glutamic acid, glutamine, glycine, proline, serine, tyrosine, asparagine and selenocysteine.. "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. complete meal replacement drink or mix. meal replacement generally refers to a calorie-controlled, prepackaged product in the form of a bar or beverage (ready to drink or powder) that replaces a regular meal. meal-replacement products usually provide limited calories per serving, are fortified with vitamins and minerals, and often bear nutrient content claims such as percent of calories from fat or sugar.. "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. nutritional protein supplement. protein supplements are dietary supplements commonly used by those involved in bodybuilding and athletics. protein supplements come in various forms: ready to drink shakes, bars, bites, oats, gels and powders. typical ingredients include whey, casein, soy and egg white.. "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. omega 3 fatty acid supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids and are considered essential fatty acids, meaning that they cannot be synthesized by the human body. omega-3 fatty acids refers to a group of three fats called ala, epa and dha.. "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. omega 6 fatty acid supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. omega-6 fatty acids are a family of unsaturated fatty acids that have in common a final carbon\u2013carbon double bond in the n-6 position. certain omega-6 fatty acids are considered essential fatty acids, meaning that they cannot be synthesized by the human body.. "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. dietary fiber supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. dietary fiber is the edible part of plants or analogous carbohydrates that is resistant to digestion and absorption in the human small intestine, with complete or partial fermentation in the large intestine. dietary fiber includes polysaccharides, oligosaccharides, lignin, and associated plant substances. dietary fibers promote beneficial physiologic effects including laxation.. "
"macro nutrient supplements. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. whereas vitamins and minerals are required in only trace amounts, this class contains dietary fiber, fatty acids, amino acids, and other substances consumed in macro levels. this category is intended for nutritional supplements designed and marketed in dosage form (typically tablets, capsules, prepared drinks and drink mixes (powders)) for the ultimate consumer.. glutamine. this classification denotes a non-essential amino acid and dietary amino acid with the molecular formula c5h10n2o3, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 0rh81l854j, chemically known as 2,5-diamino-5-oxopentanoic acid but more generally known as glutamine, which bears u.s. nih compound identifier 738. european medicines agency schedules glutamine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub23331. world health organization schedules glutamine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary.. "
"combination nutritional supplements. a dietary or nutritional supplement is intended to provide nutrients that may otherwise not be consumed in sufficient quantities through a varied diet. supplements are generally understood to include vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids, and other substances. this class is intended for products containing two or more different nutritional elements in combination.. . "
"combination nutritional supplements. a dietary or nutritional supplement is intended to provide nutrients that may otherwise not be consumed in sufficient quantities through a varied diet. supplements are generally understood to include vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids, and other substances. this class is intended for products containing two or more different nutritional elements in combination.. multi vitamin supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. mulitvitamins usually include a mineral supplement. a multivitamin/mineral supplement is defined in the united states as a supplement containing 3 or more vitamins and minerals where each vitamin and mineral is included at a dose below the tolerable upper level.. "
"combination nutritional supplements. a dietary or nutritional supplement is intended to provide nutrients that may otherwise not be consumed in sufficient quantities through a varied diet. supplements are generally understood to include vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids, and other substances. this class is intended for products containing two or more different nutritional elements in combination.. multi mineral nutritional supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet.  this supplement contains two or more minerals each at recommended dosage levels.. "
"combination nutritional supplements. a dietary or nutritional supplement is intended to provide nutrients that may otherwise not be consumed in sufficient quantities through a varied diet. supplements are generally understood to include vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids, and other substances. this class is intended for products containing two or more different nutritional elements in combination.. combination fatty acid nutritional supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. this commodity is intended for nutritional supplements containing two or more fatty acids, including essential amino acids.. "
"combination nutritional supplements. a dietary or nutritional supplement is intended to provide nutrients that may otherwise not be consumed in sufficient quantities through a varied diet. supplements are generally understood to include vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids, and other substances. this class is intended for products containing two or more different nutritional elements in combination.. combination vitamin and mineral nutritional supplement. nutritional supplements are used to ensure that adequate amounts of nutrients are obtained on a daily basis, if optimal amounts cannot be obtained through a varied diet. this commodity is intended for nutritional supplements containing two or more vitamins and minerals in combination... "
"combination nutritional supplements. a dietary or nutritional supplement is intended to provide nutrients that may otherwise not be consumed in sufficient quantities through a varied diet. supplements are generally understood to include vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids, and other substances. this class is intended for products containing two or more different nutritional elements in combination.. sodium monofluorophosphate. this classification denotes a nutritional supplement with the molecular formula fo3p.2na, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier c810jcz56q, chemically known as phosphorofluoridic acid, sodium salt but more generally known as sodium monofluorophosphate, which bears u.s. nih compound identifier 24266. european medicines agency schedules sodium monofluorophosphate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub33441. world health organization schedules sodium monofluorophosphate in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary.. "
"veterinary nutritional supplements. products to provide nutrients for animals which may be required as a supplement to standard feed.. . "
"veterinary nutritional supplements. products to provide nutrients for animals which may be required as a supplement to standard feed.. mineral salt lick. a block of salt enriched with minerals, licked by animals to supplement their diet.. "
"veterinary nutritional supplements. products to provide nutrients for animals which may be required as a supplement to standard feed.. veterinary multinutrient block. block that provides micro-organisms rich in sources of nutrients for animals.. "
"veterinary nutritional supplements. products to provide nutrients for animals which may be required as a supplement to standard feed.. veterinary vitamin. a compound providing vital nutrients that an animal requires.. "
"veterinary nutritional supplements. products to provide nutrients for animals which may be required as a supplement to standard feed.. veterinary vitamin and mineral mixture. a mixture of vitamins and minerals which provides nutrients for animals, often premixed into feed.. "
