"indicators and reagents. . "
"indicators and reagents. affinity labels. "
"indicators and reagents. cross linking agents. "
"indicators and reagents. reagent kits. "
"indicators and reagents. sulfhydryl reagents. "
"indicators and reagents. intercalating agents. "
"indicators and reagents. diverting agents. "
"indicators and reagents. cupferron reagent. "
"catalysts. . "
"catalysts. acid catalysts. "
"catalysts. combustion catalysts. "
"catalysts. custom catalysts. "
"catalysts. cracking catalysts. "
"catalysts.  treating catalyst. catalyst used to treat feed streams in order to remove specific properties such as sulfur, nitrogen, and other elements.. "
"catalysts.  reforming catalyst. catalyst used to reform the molecular shape of the feed stream. they are typically comprised of precious metals such as platinum, rhodium and palladium. "
"buffers. . "
"buffers. ampholyte mixtures. "
"buffers. bicarbonate buffers. "
"buffers. other buffers. "
"buffers. acid buffers. "
"buffers. basic buffers. "
"buffers. neutral buffers. "
"colloids. . "
"colloids. gels. "
"colloids. suspensions. "
"colloids. aerosols. "
"colloids. emulsions. "
"colloids. natural gelling agents. "
"colloids. synthetic gelling agents. "
"colloids. gel stabilizers. "
"colloids. suspending agents. "
"colloids.  silicone gel. a gel form of an inert compound with a wide variety of uses. typically heat-resistant, nonstick, and rubberlike, it is frequently used in cookware, medical applications, sealants, lubricants, and insulation. silicones are polymers that include silicon together with carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and sometimes other chemical elements.. "
"surfactants. . "
"surfactants. anti foaming agents. "
"surfactants. detergent surfactants. "
"surfactants. foaming agents. "
"surfactants. dispersing agents. "
"surfactants. flushes. "
"surfactants. wetting agents. "
"surfactants. water flood additives. "
"surfactants. alkyl sulfates. "
"surfactants. betaines. "
"surfactants. ether sulfates. "
"surfactants. quaternaries. "
"surfactants. sultaines. "
"surfactants.  spray adjuvant. an ingredient added to a spray that reduces the surface tension of the water on the surface of the spray drop and reduces the interfacial tension between the spray drop and surface of the sprayed object, thus improving spray effectiveness. it is generally not inflamable and is harmless to the human body.. "
"plasticizers. . "
"plasticizers. polymerics. "
"plasticizers. agricultural oils. "
"plasticizers. sulfonamides. "
"plasticizers. glutarates. "
"plasticizers. aromatic ester plasticizer. "
"plasticizers.  polyols. an alcohol containing multiple hydroxyl groups. "
"plasticizers.  prepolymers. a monomer or system of monomers that have been reacted to an intermediate molecular weight state; also known as polymer precursors.. "
"flame retardants. . "
"flame retardants. brominated retardants. "
"anti oxidants. . "
"anti oxidants. ascorbic acid. "
"anti oxidants. beta carotene. "
"anti oxidants. butylated hydroxyanisole. "
"anti oxidants. butylated hydroxytoluene. "
"anti oxidants. calcium citrate. "
"anti oxidants. canthaxanthin. "
"anti oxidants. melatonin. "
"anti oxidants. nordihydroguaiaretic acid. "
"anti oxidants. propyl gallate. "
"anti oxidants. silymarin. "
"anti oxidants. sulfur dioxide. "
"anti oxidants. ubiquinone or coenzyme q10. "
"curing agents. . "
"curing agents. waterborne curing agents. "
"curing agents. cement accelerators. "
"curing agents. cement retarders. "
"curing agents.  adhesive accelerator. an additive, typically solvent based, used to enhance, speed or initiate adhesion. "
"curing agents.  concrete additive. type of additive promoting impermeability in the blends of mortars and concretes.. "
"polymer breakers. . "
"polymer breakers. acidic polymer breakers. "
"polymer breakers. organic polymer breakers. "
"emulsion breakers. . "
"emulsion breakers. water in oil emulsion breakers. "
"emulsion breakers. oil in water emulsion breakers. "
"emulsion breakers. flotation aids. "
"clay stabilizers. . "
"clay stabilizers. inorganic clay stabilizers. "
"clay stabilizers. organic clay stabilizers. "
"fluid loss additives. . "
"fluid loss additives. natural polymer fluid loss additives. "
"fluid loss additives. modified polymer fluid loss additives. "
"friction reducers. . "
"friction reducers. anionic friction reducers. "
"friction reducers. cationic friction reducers. "
"paraffin asphaltene control agents. . "
"paraffin asphaltene control agents. solvent type paraffin asphaltene control agents. "
"paraffin asphaltene control agents. crystal modified paraffin asphaltene control agents. "
"paraffin asphaltene control agents. dispersant type paraffin asphaltene control agents. "
"mud removal mixtures. . "
"mud removal mixtures. mud cleanout agents. "
"anti sludgers. . "
"anti sludgers. anti sludge additives. "
"anti sludgers.  deflocculant. an agent for thinning suspensions or slurries.sometimes incorrectly called a dispersant, it is a low-molecular weight anionic polymer that neutralizes positive charges on suspended particles, particularly clays and aryl-alkyl derivatives of sulfonic acid.. "
"anti gas migration agents. . "
"anti gas migration agents. anti gas migration additives. "
"expanding agents. . "
"expanding agents. cement expanding agents. "
"extenders. . "
"extenders. cement extenders. "
"oil well sealants. . "
"oil well sealants. cementing sealants. "
"corrosion inhibitors. . "
"corrosion inhibitors. oil production corrosion inhibitors. "
"corrosion inhibitors. gas production corrosion inhibitors. "
"gas hydrate controllers. . "
"gas hydrate controllers. kinetic hydrate controllers. "
"chemical scavengers. . "
"chemical scavengers. hydrogen sulfide scavengers. "
"chemical scavengers. oxygen scavengers. "
"scale controllers. . "
"scale controllers. scale inhibitor. "
"scale controllers. scale removers or converters. "
"bactericides. . "
"bactericides. registered microbiocides. "
"in situ. . "
"in situ. in situ additives. "
"in situ. acid additives. "
"retarders. . "
"retarders. acid corrosion inhibitors. "
"iron controllers. . "
"iron controllers. iron control additives. "
"iron controllers.  iron sequestering agent. a specialized additive for preventing the precipitation of metal compounds in oil well formations.. "
"iron controllers.  iron corrosion inhibitor. an additive to inhibit formation of rust, e.g., iron oxides, usually red oxides, formed by the reaction of iron and oxygen in the presence of water or air moisture.. "
"non emulsifiers. . "
"non emulsifiers. non emulsifying additives. "
"food or drug additives. . "
"food or drug additives. preservatives. "
"food or drug additives. flavours or extracts. "
"food or drug additives. fragrance additives. "
"food or drug additives. sweeteners. "
"food or drug additives.  excipient. an inactive substance used as a carrier for the active ingredients of a medication.. "
"food or drug additives.  tablet binder. a substance that holds the ingredients in a tablet together.. "
"food or drug additives.  tablet coating. a substance that protects tablet ingredients from deterioration by moisture in the air and makes large or unpleasant-tasting tablets easier to swallow.. "
"food or drug additives.  disintegrant. substance that expands and dissolves when wet causing the tablet to break apart in the digestive tract, releasing the active ingredients for absorption.. "
"food or drug additives.  anticaking agent. a substance used in such things as table salt to keep the product from forming lumps, making it better for packaging, transport, and for the consumer.. "
"paper plastic and fabric modifiers. these are additives which modify physical and chemical properties of paper, plastics and fabrics.. . "
"paper plastic and fabric modifiers. these are additives which modify physical and chemical properties of paper, plastics and fabrics.. sizing agent. a substance that is applied to fibers during paper manufacture in order to curb their tendency to absorb liquids by capillary action thereby keeping the ink on the surface of the paper where it was intended to remain.. "
"paper plastic and fabric modifiers. these are additives which modify physical and chemical properties of paper, plastics and fabrics.. thickening agent. a substance which, when added to a mixture, increase its viscosity without substantially modifying its other properties including its chemical properties. they provide body, increase stability, and improve suspending action.. "
"paper plastic and fabric modifiers. these are additives which modify physical and chemical properties of paper, plastics and fabrics.. optical brightener. a type of additive that absorbs light in the ultraviolet and violet region of the electromagnetic spectrum, and re-emits light in the blue region. these additives are designed to enhance the appearance of colours in fabrics and papers.. "
"paper plastic and fabric modifiers. these are additives which modify physical and chemical properties of paper, plastics and fabrics.. antistatic agent. a compound used for treatment of materials or their surfaces in order to reduce or eliminate buildup of static electricity generally caused by the triboelectric effect. its role is to make the surface or the material itself slightly conductive. "
"paper plastic and fabric modifiers. these are additives which modify physical and chemical properties of paper, plastics and fabrics.. micro flocculant. polymeric additive used to improve filler distribution in paper pulp.. "
"paper plastic and fabric modifiers. these are additives which modify physical and chemical properties of paper, plastics and fabrics.. light and ultraviolet uv stabilizer. an additive used frequently in plastics, including cosmetics and films. the primary function is to protect the substance from the long-term degradation effects from light, most frequently ultraviolet light. different uv stabilizers are utilized depending upon the substrate, intended functional life, and sensitivity to uv degradation.. "
"industrial antiseptics. chemical products for industrial use that prevent oxidation or decaying of animal or vegetable organic caused by the action of microbial organisms.. . "
"industrial antiseptics. chemical products for industrial use that prevent oxidation or decaying of animal or vegetable organic caused by the action of microbial organisms.. antiseptic additive. a substance that discourages the growth of microorganisms. it is added to food, medicines and other products to prevent decomposition of the product.. "
"water reducing agents. additives used to control coagulation by dispersing the particles.. . "
"water reducing agents. additives used to control coagulation by dispersing the particles.. cement water reducing agent. a mixing agent that disperses cement particles by charging them with electricity when mixing cement and water. it has the effect of increasing the cement contact area with water.. "
"water reducing agents. additives used to control coagulation by dispersing the particles.. water swelling or water stop agent. a chemical product that expands or swells upon contact with water, thereby sealing off water from the materials it is applied to.. "
"water reducing agents. additives used to control coagulation by dispersing the particles.. structural water repellent. an additive used to make construction materials waterproof or water resistant by use of fatty acids to block pores within the concrete, preventing water passage.. "
"waterproofing agents. chemical coating products used to increase water resistance of floors and walls of buildings.. . "
"waterproofing agents. chemical coating products used to increase water resistance of floors and walls of buildings.. urethane waterproof coating. a urethane-based coating used for waterproofing external walls, roofs and other outdoor structures.. "
"waterproofing agents. chemical coating products used to increase water resistance of floors and walls of buildings.. asphalt waterproof coating. a waterproofing agent that works by spraying structures with a rubber asphalt emulsion and coagulation materials dispensed by a multi-headed sprayer.. "
"waterproofing agents. chemical coating products used to increase water resistance of floors and walls of buildings.. epoxy waterproof coating. a waterproofing coating whose main ingredient is epoxy. it is resistant to abrasion and chemical penetration which makes it ideal to apply in waterproofing of water supply system and waste water treatment plants and water tanks.. "
"waterproofing agents. chemical coating products used to increase water resistance of floors and walls of buildings.. inorganic waterproof coating. a slurry waterproofing agent injected into a cement mixture where it coats the particles of cement, silica and ceramic minerals.. "
"waterproofing agents. chemical coating products used to increase water resistance of floors and walls of buildings.. waterproof admixture. a waterproofing agent that comes in powdered or liquid form used for mixing with concrete at the time of pouring of concrete. it increases water resistance of concrete structure itself.. "
"waterproofing agents. chemical coating products used to increase water resistance of floors and walls of buildings.. polyurea waterproof coating. a polyurea-based coating used for waterproofing external walls, roofs and other outdoor structures.  polyurea is an organic polymer which is the reaction of isocyanate with an amine terminated polyether resin.. "
"non shrinkage agents. additives used to prevent cracking and shrinkage in products and to increase strength by minimizing contraction.. . "
"non shrinkage agents. additives used to prevent cracking and shrinkage in products and to increase strength by minimizing contraction.. concrete non shrinkage agent. a mixing agent that prevents shrinkage of concrete under curing or hardened state for the purpose of preventing cracks on the concrete surface due to contraction that occurs in poured concrete.. "
"chemicals for enhanced oil recovery. engineered chemicals , usually as dilute solutions, used to improve or enhance oil recovery from the reservoir. . "
"chemicals for enhanced oil recovery. engineered chemicals , usually as dilute solutions, used to improve or enhance oil recovery from the reservoir. polymer gel. polymers used in enhanced oil recovery solutions for in-depth conformance and sweep efficiency improvement. "
"chemicals for enhanced oil recovery. engineered chemicals , usually as dilute solutions, used to improve or enhance oil recovery from the reservoir. dispersant surfactant. dispersant or colloidal surfactants used in enhanced oil recovery solutions for in-depth conformance and sweep efficiency improvement. "
"chemicals for enhanced oil recovery. engineered chemicals , usually as dilute solutions, used to improve or enhance oil recovery from the reservoir. alkali polymer surfactant asp. engineered alkali, polymer, surfactant dilutions used in enhanced oil recovery solutions for full field residual oil sweep. "
"chemicals for enhanced oil recovery. engineered chemicals , usually as dilute solutions, used to improve or enhance oil recovery from the reservoir. surfactant polymer sp. engineered surfactant polymer dilutions used in enhanced oil recovery solutions for full field residual oil sweep. "
