"criminal law services. . "
"criminal law services. juvenile justice law services. "
"criminal law services. appellate procedure services. "
"criminal law services. defense or criminal law services. "
"business law services. . "
"business law services. government antitrust or regulations law services. "
"business law services. bankruptcy law services. "
"business law services. partnership law. "
"business law services. patent or trademark or copyright law. "
"business law services. liquidation law services. "
"business law services. real estate law. "
"business law services. taxation law. "
"business law services. mergers or acquisitions law. "
"business law services. legal research services. "
"business law services. debt collection law services. "
"business law services. healthcare claim law services. "
"civil liability services. . "
"civil liability services. malpractice or negligence law services. "
"civil liability services. personal injury law services. "
"civil liability services. property law services. "
"civil liability services. contract law services. "
"civil liability services. employee benefits law services. "
"civil liability services. employment law services. "
"civil liability services. labor disputes law services. "
"civil liability services.  insurance law service. legal advisory service specializing in personal insurance (life, health) issues or professional (civil responsibility) issues. "
"family law services. . "
"family law services. divorce law services. "
"family law services. adoption law services. "
"family law services. immigration or naturalization law. "
"family law services. guardianship or custody law services. "
"compensated legal participation services. services provided to the legal system by the members of the public. . "
"compensated legal participation services. services provided to the legal system by the members of the public. jury member service. the services associated with participating as a juror. "
"compensated legal participation services. services provided to the legal system by the members of the public. witness service. the services associated with participating ina legal proceeding based on the witnessing of a person or incident of interest. "
"compensated legal participation services. services provided to the legal system by the members of the public. expert witness service. services provided in a legal proceeding that are based on the specifc expertise engendered by the provider as opposed to that engendered by occasion. "
"compensated legal participation services. services provided to the legal system by the members of the public. process server service. "
"legal review and inquiry services. legal services relating to the provision of independent reviews or investigations or inquiries. . "
"legal review and inquiry services. legal services relating to the provision of independent reviews or investigations or inquiries. independent dispute mediation or arbitration service. independent dispute resolution services including professional mediation or arbitration. "
"legal review and inquiry services. legal services relating to the provision of independent reviews or investigations or inquiries. independent commission or board of inquiry service. committee, commission or board consisting of independently appointed members to head inquiry services. "
"administrative law services. legal service provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in administrative law and its branches.. . "
"administrative law services. legal service provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in administrative law and its branches.. administrative law consultation service. consultancy and advisory service covering the standards, principles, concepts governing public administration as well as their connection with other functions of state power, development of policy proposals, reports, analysis and legal opinions.. "
"administrative law services. legal service provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in administrative law and its branches.. municipality law consultation service. consultancy and advisory service covering the standards, principles, concepts related to municipal law; includes legal reporting, providing analysis and legal opinions as well as attendance and participation in court hearings and oral reports.. "
"administrative law services. legal service provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in administrative law and its branches.. computing law consultation service. consultancy and advisory service spanning the standards, principles, concepts related to computer law and its relationship with other standards, development of policy proposals, reports, analysis and legal opinions which include cybercrime, legal shield to internet businesses, assistance in computer crime prevention, security and digital test and consumer protection on the internet.. "
"constitutional law services. judicial and legal services provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in constitutional law and its branches.. . "
"constitutional law services. judicial and legal services provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in constitutional law and its branches.. constitutional law consultation service. consultancy and advisory service covering the standards, principles, concepts governing constitutional law; reporting legal developments; providing analysis and legal opinions as well as assistance and participation in court hearings and oral reports.. "
"constitutional law services. judicial and legal services provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in constitutional law and its branches.. constitutional law public sector defense consultation service. advocacy and advice to public entities regarding constitutional controversies, unconstitutionality actions, impeachments, declarations of origin and constitutional actions in electoral matters.. "
"international law services. legal services provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in international law and its branches.. . "
"international law services. legal services provided by consultancies and professionals specialized in international law and its branches.. international law consultation service. consultancy and advisory service spanning the standards, principles, concepts related to international law, development of policy proposals, reports, analysis and legal opinions, study of international investment treaties and free trade agreements as well as conflict management and international dispute resolution.. "
