"paints and primers. . "
"paints and primers. enamel paints. "
"paints and primers. water based paints. "
"paints and primers. pigment paints. "
"paints and primers. coating paints. "
"paints and primers. oil based paints. "
"paints and primers. latex paints. "
"paints and primers. spray paints. "
"paints and primers. acrylic paints. "
"paints and primers. enamel primers. "
"paints and primers. polyurethane primers. "
"paints and primers. urethane primers. "
"paints and primers. latex primers. "
"paints and primers.  marking paint. also called inverted marking paint. used in surveying, sports, construction and highway engineering to mark ground surfaces.. "
"paints and primers.  cold galvanizing compound. a compound applied to bare clean steel for excellent corrosion protection. this coating was originally developed to prevent bare steel structures from rusting when exposed to the elements.. "
"paints and primers.  solvent based paint. paint containing a volatile solvent carrier. "
"paints and primers.  baked finish paint. a paint that is made to form the paint coat by heating after applying the painting. this paint is mainly used for industrial use as home appliance and others.. "
"paints and primers.  pattern finish paint. a type of paint that has the special denatured alkyd as the main ingredient. it forms the paint film with the beautiful dimensional pattern, and it is appropriate for finishing coat for plastering of various metal parts.. "
"paints and primers.  anti rust paint. a type of paint that is made with the raw materials of rust resisting pigment and synthetic resin. this is used with the primer for rust-proofing and repairing of construction iron materials and steel structures.. "
"paints and primers.  aluminum paint. a type of paint that has the main ingredients of petroleum type synthetic resin and aluminum pigment. the product has strong adhesion, durability and anti-corrosion, outstanding weatherability and moisture resistance, and it is the paint appropriate to the steel-material facilities for the purpose of reflection of hot wire, prevention of moisture penetration and others.. "
"paints and primers.  antifouling paint. a paint for final application on the surface exposed to the body of a ship and sea water.. "
"paints and primers.  ready mixed paint. a dry oil paint that is used in the wooden material surface, metal surface, plywood, steel frame and others. the main ingredients are coloring pigments, body pigments, dry oil, alkyd resin varnish and others, and this paint liquefied them with sufficient mixed dispersion.. "
"paints and primers.  heavy duty coating. a paint that is used for the long-term conservation of steel structures, such as bridge, marine structure, power plant, various plants, ships and others which has special environment of the plant area and the coastal area that inflict severe corrosion to the steel structure, unlike general structures.. "
"paints and primers.  high temperature paint. type of paint specially formulated for resisting high temperatures, such as: heaters, furnaces, chimneys, reactors, heat ducts, etc.. "
"paints and primers.  gesso. a substance used to prime surface of canvas for acrylic paint. used in sculpture or as a base for gilding or painting on wood.. "
"paint additives. . "
"paint additives. calcimines. "
"paint additives. texturing materials. "
"paint additives. paint driers. "
"paint additives. paint extenders. "
"paint additives. anti slip agents. "
"paint additives. leveling agents. "
"paint additives.  ultraviolet inhibitor. an additive that prevents fading or changing of color due to exposure to ultra violet light.. "
"miscellaneous finishes. . "
"miscellaneous finishes. glazes. "
"miscellaneous finishes. lusters. "
"miscellaneous finishes. lacquers. "
"miscellaneous finishes. sealers. "
"miscellaneous finishes. shellacs. "
"miscellaneous finishes. stains. "
"miscellaneous finishes. varnishes. "
"miscellaneous finishes. powder coat. "
"miscellaneous finishes.  finishing stain toner. a type of stain that has a nitrocellulose lacquer added to it used to finish a product. "
"paint solvents and thinners. . "
"paint solvents and thinners. paint or varnish removers. "
"paint solvents and thinners. paint or varnish strippers. "
"paint solvents and thinners. paint or varnish thinners. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. . "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. drop cloths. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. edging tools. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. masking equipment. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint brushes. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint mixers. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint rollers. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint sprayers. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint trays. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint mitts. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. telescoping poles. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint nozzles. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. air brushes. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint strainers. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories.  paint tray liners. a disposable liner made of plastic material molded to fit inside that paint tray to protect it.. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories.  paint roller covers. used to cover paint rollers that are used for applying paint, stain, etc.. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories. paint fixture or mask. "
"paint applicators and painting accessories.  foam applicator. mini-molded handles with foam mitt used to apply chalk, ink, paint or adhesive. "
