"bearings. . "
"bearings. flanged bearings. "
"bearings. radial bearings. "
"bearings. wheel bearings. "
"bearings. ball bearings. "
"bearings. roller bearings. "
"bearings. linear bearings. "
"bearings. thrust bearings. "
"bearings. rod end bearings. "
"bearings. sleeve bearings. "
"bearings. spherical bearings. "
"bearings. pillow block bearings. "
"bearings. needle bearings. "
"bearings. hanger bearings. "
"bearings. plain bearings. "
"bearings. tapered bearings. "
"bearings. bearing cage. "
"bearings. bearing blocks or housings. "
"bearings. bearing journals. "
"bearings. magnetic bearings. "
"bearings. air bearings. "
"bearings. bearing caps. "
"bearings. bearing liners. "
"bearings. bearing pads. "
"bearings. bearing cones. "
"bearings. split bearing. "
"bearings. bearing cups. "
"bearings. cam follower bearing. "
"bearings.  angular contact bearing. ball bearing that will accept radial loads as well as axial loads in one direction.. "
"bearings.  self aligning bearing. ball bearing having two rows of balls with a common sphered raceway in the outer ring.. "
"bearings.  take up bearing and frame. mounted bearing to be used in adjustable frames.. "
"bearings.  tapped base bearing. mounted bearing having tapped holes in its base for attachment.. "
"bearings.  cartridge bearing. bearing having the same properties as radial ball bearings except a wider width.. "
"bearings.  insert bearing. bearing designed to be mounted into housing.. "
"bearings.  combination bearing. bearing having both ball and roller bearings, one to take thrust load while the other accepts radial load.. "
"bearings.  four point bearing. single row bearing designed to take radial load as well as axial load in both directions.. "
"bearings.  bearing ball. a principal component in a bearing that enables the reduction of friction.. "
"bearings.  bearing needle. an important individual component of a bearing that is sold separately and serves to decrease the friction of the bearing.. "
"bearings.  bearing roller. an important individual component of the bearing that is sold separately, and is used to reduce friction inside the bearings.. "
"bearings.  tensioner bearing. a friction reducing device designed to work with an axle, which it supports, while enabling another attached item to spin, absorbing the tension between the two.. "
"bearings.  flexure bearing. a type of bearing which allows motion by bending a load element.. "
"bearings.  plummer block bearing. a mounted bearing used to provide support for a rotating shaft with the mounting surface on a parallel line with the axis of the shaft.. "
"bearings.  bearing cover. a device that protects a bearing from contamination and loss of lubricant.there are two types:1/ non-removeable shields or 2/removeable seals that allow the bearing to be cleaned and re-lubricated.. "
"bearings.  reversible bearing. a type of bidirectional bearing having the capability of being reversible.. "
"bearings.  cylindrical bearing. a type of bearing that has high radial capacity.these bearings feature low friction, which permits operation at high speed.. "
"bearings.  bearing withdrawal sleeve. a sleeve that is used to tighten the bearings with the inner diameter of the taper on the cylindrical shaft.. "
"bearings.  jewel bearing. material that is made for jewelry, like, sapphire, ruby and others, non-magnetic substance with a little loss on torque and friction of bearing for freely rotating equipment by securing the rotating shaft or axle and others of a machine on certain location.. "
"bearings.  combined ball roller bearing. a bearing that is designed for integrated use of needle roller and ball with the space saving-type by having the needle roller receive the load in the radial direction and having the ball receive the load in the shaft direction. this bearing is used for transmission engineering, machine tool and others.. "
"bearings.  oilless bearing. a bearing that is consisted of sleeves made in material of oilless metal that is contained of the firm shaft and lubricant oil which is used in the parts with less load applied. this is mainly used in the small motors, such as the cooling fan for computer.. "
"bearings.  thrust ball bearing. a ball bearing which is used in cases where the load is applied to the shaft direction. this is mainly used for mid- to low speed.. "
"bearings.  thrust roller bearing. a roller bearing which is used in the cases where the load is applied to the axis direction.. "
"bearings.  guide bearing. a bearing that determines the shaft location or undertakes the role to guide the simple linear motion, not a bearing that supports the load applied to the rotating shaft.. "
"bearings.  roller bearing adapter assembly. an adaptor that combines the rolling bearing sleeve and the rolling bearing rock washer. this is the auxiliary part of bearing used to easily tighten the bearings with the tapering on the inside diameter on the cylindrical shaft.. "
"bearings.  high performance insert bearing. a bearing for unit that prevents heat, vibration, noise and others which may be generated by high-speed rotation or is designed to display its capability required under the adverse environment of dust-proof, water-proof, heat-resistance, cold-resistance and others.. "
"bearings.  journal bearing bushing. a bearing that supports the radial load that works vertically to the rotating shaft by forming the oil film from the sliding rotation for the bearing and journal.. "
"bearings.  linear and rotary motion roller. a cylindrical roller that has the hole in the central location in order to accommodate the pin or shaft to combine the push stick, inducement device, joint, rocker arm, rotation table or horizontal bar.. "
"bearings.  lock plate for roller bearing. a detent that is used for rolling bearing. it undertakes the roll to prevent the rotation of nuts for adaptor and shaft and it is used for the inside diameter number 44 or higher.. "
"bearings.  locking snap ring for roller bearing. a ring that is designed to secure the shaft-direction location by loading onto the outside diameter of the rolling bearing.. "
"bearings.  adapter sleeve for roller bearing. a part of an adaptor for rolling bearing that has the external diameter surface of taper and the smaller side to insert the nut. it is used to load onto the cylindrical-shaped shaft with the inner diameter of the taper.. "
"bearings.  insert bearing with set screw locking. a bearing for unit that has the two fixed screws (grubs or set screws) on the inner collar. this device is appropriate to the device with the changing rotation direction. the inner collar is expanded on both sides and the standard product has two lubricant injection holes on the outer collar.. "
"bearings.  insert bearing with eccentric locking collar. a bearing for unit that is used for consistent rotation direction. the inner collar is expanded in one or both sides and the standard product has two lubricant injection holes on the outer collar.. "
"bearings.  insert bearing with standard inner ring. a bearing for unit that is appropriate to the high-speed device with changing rotation direction. the width of inner collar and outer collar is the same and the standard product has two lubricant injection holes on the outer collar.. "
"bushings. . "
"bushings. drill bushings. "
"bushings. pilot bushings. "
"bushings. shaft bushings. "
"bushings. flange bushings. "
"bushings.  wear bushing. large bushing having swivel action which is part of rotary table in oilfield operations.. "
"bushings.  bushing blank. a solid metallic item, usually cylindrical, with or without a flange at one end which is designed to be inserted into a hole to reduce the inside diameter of the hole and protect the surrounding body structure from damage resulting from stress, strain and/or vibration.. "
"bushings.  bushing sleeve. a tubular shaped unthreaded item with or without a flange at one end designed to be inserted into a hole to reduce the inside diameter of the hole and to protect the surrounding body structure from damage resulting from stress, strain, and/or vibration.the overall length must exceed 25 percent of the outside diameter or the shortest distance between peripheral flats of the body.. "
"bushings.  cold headed bushing. flange or other bushing formed by cold heading.. "
"gears. . "
"gears. friction gears. "
"gears. conical gears. "
"gears. spur gears. "
"gears. bevel gears. "
"gears. rack gears. "
"gears. pinion gears. "
"gears. ring gears. "
"gears. worm gears. "
"gears. side gears. "
"gears. helical gears. "
"gears.  cylindrical gear. a disk or wheel, \u00a0having cut teeth of such form, size, and spacing that they mesh with teeth in another part to transmit or receive force and motion.. "
"gears.  herringbone gear. type of gear with two opposing helices to transmit power and motion between parallel axes.the mirrored halves of the gear face have teeth that resemble an arrow head or the letter v.. "
"industrial wheels. . "
"industrial wheels. cog wheels. "
"industrial wheels. impeller wheels. "
"industrial wheels. flywheels. "
"industrial wheels. sheaves or pulleys. "
"industrial wheels. wheel brushes. "
"industrial wheels. idler wheels. "
"sprockets. . "
"sprockets. roller chain sprockets. "
"sprockets.  engineering chain sprocket. a type of sprocket for use with engineered chains.. "
"sprockets.  conveying chain sprocket. a type of sprocket for use with conveyor or table top chain.. "
"sprockets.  silent chain sprocket. a type of sprocket with geared teeth for use with silent chain.. "
"sprockets.  chain wheel. a chain pulley, or sprocket wheel.. "
