"maintenance of international peace and security. . "
"maintenance of international peace and security. dispute mediation or conciliation or negotiation or settlement. "
"maintenance of international peace and security. peace keeping operations. "
"maintenance of international peace and security. cease fire agreements or truce supervision. "
"maintenance of international peace and security. fact finding missions. "
"maintenance of international peace and security. war prevention strategies. "
"maintenance of international peace and security. counterterrorism. "
"maintenance of international peace and security. embargoes. "
"disarmament. . "
"disarmament. arms limitations. "
"disarmament. conventional arms disarmament. "
"disarmament. nuclear freezes or disarmament. "
"disarmament. weapons destruction. "
"disarmament. disarmament negotiations or agreements. "
"disarmament. mutual or balanced force reductions. "
"disarmament.  battle area clearance bac service. the systematic and controlled clearance of hazardous areas where the hazards are known not to include mines. "
"disarmament.  explosive ordnance disposal eod service. a routine part of mine clearance operations, upon discovery of explosive remnants of war erw. also, the disposal of erw discovered outside hazardous areas, (this may be a single item of erw, or a larger number inside a specific area). also, the disposal of explosive ordinance eo which has become hazardous by deterioration, damage or attempted destruction.. "
"disarmament.  mine action center mac or mine action coordination center macc service. services of an organization that, on behalf of the national mine action authority where it exists, typically is responsible for planning, coordination, overseeing and in some cases implementation of mine action projects. for national mine action programs, the mac/macc usually acts as the operational office of the national mine action authority nmaa.. "
"disarmament.  post mine clearance inspection service. the humanitarian demining processes of measuring, examining, testing or otherwise comparing a sample of cleared land against the clearance requirements.. "
"disarmament.  demining post design service pds. service such as on-going development and modification of equipment, subsequent to the acceptance of the demining equipment. note: pds may be used after the initial contract in order to update the equipment in response to changing circumstances and requirements.. "
"disarmament.  demining preliminary development pd service. the planning, design and engineering work necessary to explore areas of technical uncertainty and to provide detailed estimates of duration and cost before the decision to proceed to full demining development is made.. "
"disarmament.  mine victim or survivor assistance service. refers to all aid, relief, comfort and support provided to landmine victims (including survivors) with the purpose of reducing the immediate and long-term medical and psychological implications of their trauma.. "
"disarmament.  physical security and stockpile management pssm service. range of activities that cover all aspects of the safe and secure handling of small arms and ammunition.. "
"disarmament.  landmine prohibition action and explosive remnants of war risk education. erw risk education and data gathering in areas with existing erw threats and erw related accidents. the overall objective of is to support the reduction in number of unexploded incidents and deaths through explosive ordnance disposal tasks and the provision of erw risk education.. "
"disarmament.  landmine prohibition action and explosive remnants of war advocacy. engaging in dialogue with stakeholders to cease the use of landmines and to create humanitarian spaces where humanitarian mine action activities can take place;  influence on the armed actors which are using antipersonnel mines to advocate for the prohibition on the use of landmines; develop mine-awareness materials on comprehensive mine action to reduce the impact of antipersonnel mines and explosive remnants of war, to be shared with affected communities and civil society.. "
"military science and research. . "
"military science and research. military history. "
"military science and research. conventional weapons usage. "
"military science and research. chemical weapons usage. "
"military science and research. guerilla warfare. "
"military science and research. military strategy. "
"military science and research. aerial maneuvers. "
"military science and research. naval or submarine maneuvers. "
"military science and research. land maneuvers. "
"military science and research.  chemical weapons destruction. there are two common methods that the united states uses to dispose of chemical warfare involves destruction of chemical agents and related weapons. the primary method is incineration,[1] where liquid agents are burned in a furnace of temperatures over 2,000 \u00b0f (1,093 \u00b0c). for chemical agents in delivery vessels (i.e. mortars, bombs, artillery shells, etc.), this is a multi-step process.  depending on the type of agent to be destroyed,a second method involves neutralization.  neutralization destroys the chemical agent by mixing it with hot water or hot water and sodium hydroxide.. "
"military personnel and discipline. . "
"military personnel and discipline. civil defense. "
"military personnel and discipline. compulsory military services. "
"military personnel and discipline. voluntary military services. "
"military personnel and discipline. military reservists. "
"military personnel and discipline. guerrillas. "
"military personnel and discipline. mercenaries. "
"military personnel and discipline. veterans. "
"military personnel and discipline. military courts. "
"military personnel and discipline. military offenses. "
"military personnel and discipline. military personnel. "
"military policy. . "
"military policy. national security. "
"military policy. defense contracts. "
"military policy. non first use policy. "
"military policy. arms race. "
"military policy. military relations. "
"military zones. . "
"military zones. demilitarized zones. "
"military zones. nuclear or chemical weapon free zones. "
"military zones. peace zones. "
"military zones. no fly zones. "
"military zones.  minefield zone. an area of ground containing mines laid with or without a pattern.. "
"nuclear warfare. . "
"nuclear warfare. nuclear safeguards. "
"nuclear warfare. nuclear weapon tests. "
"nuclear warfare. nuclear non proliferation. "
"military tactics. . "
"military tactics. weapons deployment. "
"military tactics. military reconnaissance. "
"military tactics. arms transfers. "
"military tactics. military assistance. "
"military tactics. troop withdrawals. "
"military tactics. rapid deployment forces. "
"military tactics. environmental warfare. "
"military bases. . "
"military bases. domestic military bases. "
"military bases. foreign military bases. "
"military bases. naval bases. "
"armed conflicts and incidents. . "
"armed conflicts and incidents. border incidents. "
"armed conflicts and incidents. limited war. "
"armed conflicts and incidents. nuclear war. "
"armed conflicts and incidents. space based war. "
"armed conflicts and incidents. response to terrorist attacks. "
