"antiarrythmic agents. this classification denotes agents used for the treatment or prevention of disturbances of the normal rhythmic beating of the heart. they may affect the polarization-repolarization phase of the action potential, its excitability or refractoriness, or impulse conduction or membrane responsiveness within cardiac fibers. anti-arrhythmia agents are often classed into four main groups according to their mechanism of action: sodium channel blockade, beta-adrenergic blockade, repolarization prolongation, or calcium channel blockade.. . "
"antiarrythmic agents. this classification denotes agents used for the treatment or prevention of disturbances of the normal rhythmic beating of the heart. they may affect the polarization-repolarization phase of the action potential, its excitability or refractoriness, or impulse conduction or membrane responsiveness within cardiac fibers. anti-arrhythmia agents are often classed into four main groups according to their mechanism of action: sodium channel blockade, beta-adrenergic blockade, repolarization prolongation, or calcium channel blockade.. moricizine. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h25n3o4s, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2gt1d0tmx1, chemically known as phenothiazine-2-carbamic acid, 10-(3-morpholinopropionyl)-, ethyl ester but more generally known as moracizine, which bears u.s. national institutes of health compound identifier 34633. the european medicines agency schedules moracizine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09062mig. the term moracizine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 25 , no. 10 1971, list 11). the world health organization schedules moracizine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. moracizine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. smiles: ccoc(=o)nc1=cc2=c(c=c1)sc3=cc=cc=c3n2c(=o)ccn4ccocc4.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic agents. this classification denotes agents used for the treatment or prevention of disturbances of the normal rhythmic beating of the heart. they may affect the polarization-repolarization phase of the action potential, its excitability or refractoriness, or impulse conduction or membrane responsiveness within cardiac fibers. anti-arrhythmia agents are often classed into four main groups according to their mechanism of action: sodium channel blockade, beta-adrenergic blockade, repolarization prolongation, or calcium channel blockade.. bucromarone. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c29h37no4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier ji688o846t, chemically known as 4h-1-benzopyran-4-one, 2-(4-(3-(dibutylamino)propoxy)-3,5-dimethylbenzoyl)- but generally known as bucromarone, which bears us nih compound identifier 132852. european medicines agency schedules bucromarone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05953mig. the term bucromarone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 37, no. 6, 1983, list 23). bucromarone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule bucromarone under hs 29329985 and sitc 51569. as of q4 2014, bucromarone remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. bucromarone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0054198 and nci concept code c72577. smiles: o(cccn(cccc)cccc)c1c(cc(cc1c)c(=o)c1oc2c(c(=o)c1)cccc2)c.. "
"antiarrythmic agents. this classification denotes agents used for the treatment or prevention of disturbances of the normal rhythmic beating of the heart. they may affect the polarization-repolarization phase of the action potential, its excitability or refractoriness, or impulse conduction or membrane responsiveness within cardiac fibers. anti-arrhythmia agents are often classed into four main groups according to their mechanism of action: sodium channel blockade, beta-adrenergic blockade, repolarization prolongation, or calcium channel blockade.. nadolol. this classification denotes a beta-adrenergic blocking agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier fen504330v. european medicines agency schedules nadolol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09111mig. nadolol generally arises in the molecular formula c17h27no4. the term nadolol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 33, no. 10 1979, list 19.) nadolol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule nadolol under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, nadolol remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. nadolol bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0027302 and nci concept code c29280. smiles: cc(c)(c)ncc(coc1=cc=cc2=c1cc(c(c2)o)o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic agents. this classification denotes agents used for the treatment or prevention of disturbances of the normal rhythmic beating of the heart. they may affect the polarization-repolarization phase of the action potential, its excitability or refractoriness, or impulse conduction or membrane responsiveness within cardiac fibers. anti-arrhythmia agents are often classed into four main groups according to their mechanism of action: sodium channel blockade, beta-adrenergic blockade, repolarization prolongation, or calcium channel blockade.. propafenone hydrochloride. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h27no3.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 33xch0hocd, chemically known as 1-propanone, 1-(2-(2-hydroxy-3-(propylamino)propoxy)phenyl)-3-phenyl- but more generally known as propafenone hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 4932. european medicines agency schedules propafenone hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub04077mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule propafenone hydrochloride under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, propafenone hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. propafenone hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0282316 and nci concept code c47692. smiles: cccncc(coc1ccccc1c(=o)ccc2ccccc2)o.cl.. "
"antianginal drugs. this classification denotes drugs that treat paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation. it is thought to be provoked by a transient stressful situation during which the oxygen requirements of the myocardium exceed that supplied by the coronary circulation.. . "
"antianginal drugs. this classification denotes drugs that treat paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation. it is thought to be provoked by a transient stressful situation during which the oxygen requirements of the myocardium exceed that supplied by the coronary circulation.. pentaerythritol tetranitrate or pentaerithrityl tetranitrate. this classification denotes a vasodilating agent with the molecular formula c5h8n4o12, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 10l39trg1z, chemically known as 2,2-bis((nitrooxy)methyl)-1,3-propanediol dinitrate (ester) but generally known as pentaerithrityl tetranitrate, which bears us nih compound identifier 6518. european medicines agency schedules pentaerithrityl tetranitrate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09676mig. the term pentaerithrityl tetranitrate is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules pentaerithrityl tetranitrate in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. smiles: o([n](=o)o)cc(co[n](=o)o)(co[n](=o)o)co[n](=o)o.. "
"antianginal drugs. this classification denotes drugs that treat paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation. it is thought to be provoked by a transient stressful situation during which the oxygen requirements of the myocardium exceed that supplied by the coronary circulation.. isoxsuprine. this classification denotes a vasodilating agent and beta-adrenergic agonist with the molecular formula c18h23no3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier r15ui3245n, chemically known as benzyl alcohol, p-hydroxy-alpha-(1-((1-methyl-2-phenoxyethyl)amino)ethyl)- but generally known as isoxsuprine, which bears us nih compound identifier 3783. european medicines agency schedules isoxsuprine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08345mig. the term isoxsuprine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 16, no. 3 1962, list 4). world health organization schedules isoxsuprine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. isoxsuprine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule isoxsuprine under hs 29225000 and sitc 51467. as of q4 2014, isoxsuprine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. isoxsuprine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0022267 and nci concept code c61795. smiles: oc(c(nc(coc1ccccc1)c)c)c1ccc(o)cc1.. "
"antianginal drugs. this classification denotes drugs that treat paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation. it is thought to be provoked by a transient stressful situation during which the oxygen requirements of the myocardium exceed that supplied by the coronary circulation.. ranolazine. this classification denotes an enzyme inhibitor and cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c24h33n3o4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier a6iez5m406, chemically known as 1-piperazineacetamide, n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-4-(2-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenoxy)propyl)- but generally known as ranolazine, which bears us nih compound identifier 56959. european medicines agency schedules ranolazine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10259mig. the term ranolazine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 1, no. 4, 1987, list 27). world health organization schedules ranolazine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. ranolazine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule ranolazine under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, ranolazine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. ranolazine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0073633 and nci concept code c66507. smiles: oc(cn1ccn(cc1)cc(=o)nc1c(cccc1c)c)coc1c(oc)cccc1.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. . "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. nesiritide. this classification denotes a nppb gene, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier p7wi8ul647. european medicines agency schedules nesiritide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12539mig. nesiritide generally arises in the molecular formula c143h244n50o42s4. the term nesiritide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 13 no. 3, 1999, list 42.) most nations schedule nesiritide under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, nesiritide remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. nesiritide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0054015 and nci concept code c47636. smiles: ccc(c)c1c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)ncc(=o)nc(c(=o)ncc(=o)nc(csscc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)ncc(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)n1)cccnc(=n)n)cc(=o)o)ccsc)ccccn)cccnc(=n)n)cc2=cc=cc=c2)nc(=o)cnc(=o)c(co)nc(=o)cnc(=o)c(ccc(=o)n)nc(=o)c(c(c)c)nc(=o)c(ccsc)nc(=o)c(ccccn)nc(=o)c3cccn3c(=o)c(co)n)c(=o)nc(ccccn)c(=o)nc(c(c)c)c(=o)nc(cc(c)c)c(=o)nc(cccnc(=n)n)c(=o)nc(cccnc(=n)n)c(=o)nc(cc4=cn=cn4)c(=o)o)cc(c)c)co)co)co)co.c(c(=o)o)c(cc(=o)o)(c(=o)o)o.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. powdered or prepared digitalis leaf. this classification denotes a natural product which us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier f1t8qt9u8b (base and leaf), which the integrated taxonomic information system classifies under taxonomic serial number 33582 as a member of kingdom plantae, subkingdom viridaeplantae, infrakingdom streptophyta, division tracheophyta, subdivision spermatophytina, infradivision angiospermae, class magnoliopsida, superorder asteranae, order lamiales, family plantaginaceae, genus digitalis l. (foxglove), commonly known as foxglove or as here, digitalis. figitalis bears the usda plants database identifier digit. european medicines agency schedules digitalis in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under indices sub13579mig (base) and sub11904mig (leaf).. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. lanatoside c. this classification denotes a lanatoside, digilanide, and cardiac glycoside with the molecular formula c49h76o20, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 5rr3jfz771, chemically known as 3-((o beta-d-glucopyranosyl-(1-4)-o-3beta-o-acetyl-2,6-dideoxy-beta-d-ribo-hexopyranosyl-(1-4)-o-2,6-dideoxy-beta-d-ribo-hexopyranosyl-(1-4)-o-2,6-dideoxy-beta-d-ribo-hexopyranosyl)oxy)-12beta,14-dihydroxy-5beta-card-20(22)-enolide but generally known as lanatoside c, which bears us nih compound identifier 3879. european medicines agency schedules lanatoside c in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08395mig. world health organization schedules lanatoside c in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations schedule lanatoside c under hs 29389010 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, lanatoside c remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(oc7oc(c(o)c(o)c7o)co)c(oc(=o)c)c6)c)c(o)c5)c)c(o)c3)c)cc4)c)cc(o)c1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. gitoformate or pentaformylgitoxin. this classification denotes a digitalis glycoside and digoxin analog with the molecular formula c46h64o19, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier b69u29o7j9, chemically known as gitoxin, pentaformate but generally known as gitoformate, which bears us nih compound identifier 65598. european medicines agency schedules gitoformate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub13968mig. world health organization schedules gitoformate in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. gitoformate is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(oc=o)c(oc=o)c6)c)c(oc=o)c5)c)c(oc=o)c3)c)cc4)c)ccc1(c(c(oc=o)c2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. acetyldigitoxin. this classification denotes a glycoside and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c43h66o14, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 0zv4q4l2fu, chemically known as digitoxin, alpha-acetyl- but generally known as acetyldigitoxin, which bears us nih compound identifier 68949. european medicines agency schedules acetyldigitoxin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05230mig. the term acetyldigitoxin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 26, no. 10 1972, list 12). world health organization schedules acetyldigitoxin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. acetyldigitoxin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule acetyldigitoxin under hs 29389010 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, acetyldigitoxin remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. acetyldigitoxin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0520442 and nci concept code c65212. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(o)c(oc(=o)c)c6)c)c(o)c5)c)c(o)c3)c)cc4)c)ccc1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. bemarinone. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c11h12n2o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 29j330v3xv, chemically known as 2(1h)-quinazolinone, 5,6-dimethoxy-4-methyl- but generally known as bemarinone, which bears us nih compound identifier 58575. bemarinone most often comes in base and hydrochloride forms. european medicines agency schedules bemarinone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05690mig. the term bemarinone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 1, no. 4, 1987, list 27). bemarinone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule bemarinone under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, bemarinone remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. bemarinone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0634220 and nci concept code c76025. smiles: cc1=c2c(=nc(=o)n1)c=cc(=c2oc)oc.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. bufogenin or resibufogenin. this classification denotes an enzyme inhibitor with the molecular formula c24h32o4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 3k654p2m4j, chemically known as 14,15beta-epoxy-3beta-hydroxy-5beta-bufa-20,22-dienolide but generally known as bufogenin, which bears us nih compound identifier 10063. european medicines agency schedules bufogenin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05964mig. the term bufogenin is an international non-proprietary name. bufogenin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. bufogenin or resibufogenin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0054208 and nci concept code c77829. smiles: cc12ccc(cc1ccc3c2ccc4(c35c(o5)cc4c6=coc(=o)c=c6)c)o.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. carsatrin. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c25h26f2n6os, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier, 2e3s34l69i chemically known as 1-piperazineethanol, 4-(bis(4-fluorophenyl)methyl)-.alpha.-((9h-purin-6-ylthio)methyl)-, (+/-)- but generally known as carsatrin, which bears us nih compound identifier 72049. european medicines agency schedules carsatrin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06147mig. the term carsatrin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 7, no3, 1993, list 33). most nations schedule carsatrin under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, carsatrin remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. carsatrin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0211730 and nci concept code c79875. smiles: c1cn(ccn1cc(csc2=nc=nc3=c2nc=n3)o)c(c4=cc=c(c=c4)f)c5=cc=c(c=c5)f.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. deslanoside. this classification denotes a glycoside and cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c47h74o19, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier ygy317rk75, chemically known as 3beta-(o-beta-d-glucopyranosyl-(1-4)-o-beta-d-digitoxosyl-(1-4)-o-beta-d-digitoxosyl-(1-4)-beta-d-digitoxosyloxy=12beta.14=dihydroxy-5beta,14beta-card-20(22)-enolid but generally known as deslanoside, which bears us nih compound identifier 28620. european medicines agency schedules deslanoside in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06997mig. the term deslanoside is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules deslanoside in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. deslanoside is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule deslanoside under hs 29389010 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, deslanoside remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. deslanoside bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0011689 and nci concept code c65368. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(oc7oc(c(o)c(o)c7o)co)c(o)c6)c)c(o)c5)c)c(o)c3)c)cc4)c)cc(o)c1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. draflazine. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent and antiplatelet agent with the molecular formula c30h33cl2f2n5o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 0y25dt968y, chemically known as 1-piperazineacetamide, 2-(aminocarbonyl)-n-(4-amino-2,6-dichlorophenyl)-4-(5,5-bis(4-fluorophenyl)pentyl)-,(+-)- but generally known as draflazine, which bears us nih compound identifier 60849. european medicines agency schedules draflazine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06395mig. the term draflazine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31). draflazine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule draflazine under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, draflazine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. draflazine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0209869 and nci concept code c76030. smiles: clc1c(nc(=o)cn2c(cn(cc2)ccccc(c2ccc(f)cc2)c2ccc(f)cc2)c(=o)n)c(cl)cc(n)c1.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. etomoxir. this classification denotes an enzyme inhibitor, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier msb3dd2xp6. european medicines agency schedules etomoxir in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07332mig. etomoxir generally arises in the molecular formula c17h23clo4. the term etomoxir is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 39, no. 5, 1985, list 25.) most nations schedule etomoxir under hs 29189900 and sitc 51396. as of q4 2014, etomoxir remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. etomoxir bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0059872 and nci concept code c81111. smiles: clc1ccc(occccccc2(oc2)c(=o)occ)cc1.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. sulmazole. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c14h13n3o2s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier hk56eh9k44, chemically known as 2-(2-methoxy-4-(methylsulfinyl)phenyl)-1h-imidazo(4,5-b)pyridine but generally known as sulmazole, which bears us nih compound identifier 5353. european medicines agency schedules sulmazole in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10748mig. the term sulmazole is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 12 no. 2 1999, list 40). sulmazole is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule sulmazole under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, sulmazole remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. sulmazole bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0075619 and nci concept code c84188. smiles: s(=o)(c1cc(oc)c(c2[nh]c3c(n2)nccc3)cc1)c.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. g-strophanthin or ouabain. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent and enzyme inhibitor with the molecular formula c29h44o12, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 5acl011p69, chemically known as 3-((6-deoxyhexopyranosyl)oxy)-1,5,11,14,19-pentahydroxycard-20(22)-enolide but generally known as g-strophanthin, which bears us nih compound identifier 4605. world health organization schedules g-strophanthin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. smiles: cc1c(c(c(c(o1)oc2cc(c3(c4c(ccc3(c2)o)c5(ccc(c5(cc4o)c)c6=cc(=o)oc6)o)co)o)o)o)o.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. meribendan. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c15h14n6o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 4wyd7i9gf4, chemically known as 4,5-dihydro-5-methyl-6-(2-pyrazol-3-yl-5-benzimidazolyl)-3(2h)-pyridazinone but generally known as meribendan, which bears us nih compound identifier 5464106. european medicines agency schedules meribendan in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08776mig. the term meribendan is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 4, no. 3 1990, list 30). meribendan is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule meribendan under hs 29331990 and sitc 51571. as of q4 2014, meribendan remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. meribendan bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0381415 and nci concept code c83936. smiles: o=c1nn=c(c(c1)c)c1cc2=n/c(=c3/[nh][nh]cc3)n=c2cc1.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. nepicastat. this classification denotes an enzyme inhibitor with the molecular formula c14h15f2n3s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier vpg12k4540, chemically known as 5-(aminomethyl)-1-((s)-5,7-difluoro-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2-naphthyl)-4-imidazoline-2-thione but generally known as nepicastat, which bears us nih compound identifier 6367078. european medicines agency schedules nepicastat in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09199mig. the term nepicastat is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 12 no. 2 1999, list 40). nepicastat is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule nepicastat under hs 29332990 and sitc 51573. as of q4 2014, nepicastat remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. nepicastat bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0668779 and nci concept code c84003. smiles: s=c1[nh](c2ccc3c(c2)cc(f)cc3f)c(=cn1)cn.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. proscillaridin. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier kc6bl281en. european medicines agency schedules proscillaridin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10131mig. proscillaridin generally arises in the molecular formula c30h42o8. the term proscillaridin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 21 no. 12 1967, list 7.) proscillaridin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule proscillaridin under hs 29389090 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, proscillaridin remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. proscillaridin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0033513 and nci concept code c84121. smiles: oc12c(c(cc2)c2ccc(=o)oc2)(ccc2c1ccc1=cc(oc3oc(c(o)c(o)c3o)c)ccc21c)c.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. ramnodigin. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c29h44o6, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier z8sry7br30, chemically known as 14-hydroxy-3beta-((2,3,6-trihydroxy-alpha-l-erythro-hexopyranosyl)oxy)-5beta-card-20(22)-enolide but generally known as ramnodigin, which bears us nih compound identifier 3052773. european medicines agency schedules ramnodigin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10251mig. the term ramnodigin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 32, no 10 1978, list 18). ramnodigin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule ramnodigin under hs 29389090 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, ramnodigin remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. ramnodigin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2699004 and nci concept code c76589. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(o)cc3)c)cc4)c)ccc1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. simendan. this classification denotes a cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c14h12n6o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 349552krhk, chemically known as propanedinitrile, ((4-(1,4,5,6-tetrahydro-4-methyl-6-oxo-3-pyridazinyl)phenyl)hydrazono)- but generally known as simendan, which bears us nih compound identifier 60867. european medicines agency schedules simendan in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10525mig. the term simendan is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 6, no, 3 1992, list 32). most nations schedule simendan under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, simendan remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. simendan bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0287806 and nci concept code c87689. smiles: o=c1nn=c(c(c1)c)c1ccc(n/n=c(/c#n)c#n)cc1.. "
"drugs used for congestive heart failure. this classification denotes drugs that treat a heterogeneous condition in which the heart is unable to pump out sufficient blood to meet the metabolic need of the body. heart failure can be caused by structural defects, functional abnormalities (ventricular dysfunction), or a sudden overload beyond its capacity. chronic heart failure is more common than acute heart failure which results from sudden insult to cardiac function, such as myocardial infarction.. monoxerutin. this classification denotes a flavonoid with the molecular formula c29h34o17, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier ekf7043sbu, chemically known as 3,3,4,5-tetrahydroxy-7-(2-hydroxyethoxy)flavone 3-(6-o-(6-deoxy-alpha-l-mannopyranosyl)-beta-d-glucopyranoside) but more generally known as monoxerutin, which bears u.s. nih compound identifier 5464100. european medicines agency schedules monoxerutin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09053mig. the term monoxerutin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 37, no. 6, 1983, list 23). world health organization schedules monoxerutin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification and its who-dd or drug dictionary. monoxerutin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix.. "
"cardioplegic agents. this classification denotes drugs that temporarily cause cardiac activity to cease.. . "
"cardioplegic agents. this classification denotes drugs that temporarily cause cardiac activity to cease.. cardioplegic solution. this classification denotes solutions which, on administration, temporarily arrest cardiac activity, solutions typically used in heart surgery.. "
"combination antianginals. this classification denotes combination drugs that consist of various combined compounds that deal with that cardiovascular disorder characterized by paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation, a condition commonly called angina pectoris, and hence the name (for these preparations) antianginals. typical combination antianginal constituents are mannitol hexanitrate and pentaerythritol tetranitrate.. . "
"combination antianginals. this classification denotes combination drugs that consist of various combined compounds that deal with that cardiovascular disorder characterized by paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation, a condition commonly called angina pectoris, and hence the name (for these preparations) antianginals. typical combination antianginal constituents are mannitol hexanitrate and pentaerythritol tetranitrate.. hydroxyzine/pentaerythritol tetranitrate. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv250. this va drug class (cv250) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antianginals.. "
"combination antianginals. this classification denotes combination drugs that consist of various combined compounds that deal with that cardiovascular disorder characterized by paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation, a condition commonly called angina pectoris, and hence the name (for these preparations) antianginals. typical combination antianginal constituents are mannitol hexanitrate and pentaerythritol tetranitrate.. mannitol hexanitrate/phenobarbital. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv250. this va drug class (cv250) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antianginals.. "
"combination antianginals. this classification denotes combination drugs that consist of various combined compounds that deal with that cardiovascular disorder characterized by paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation, a condition commonly called angina pectoris, and hence the name (for these preparations) antianginals. typical combination antianginal constituents are mannitol hexanitrate and pentaerythritol tetranitrate.. meprobamate/pentaerythritol tetranitrate. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv250. this va drug class (cv250) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antianginals.. "
"combination antianginals. this classification denotes combination drugs that consist of various combined compounds that deal with that cardiovascular disorder characterized by paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation, a condition commonly called angina pectoris, and hence the name (for these preparations) antianginals. typical combination antianginal constituents are mannitol hexanitrate and pentaerythritol tetranitrate.. niacin/pentaerythritol tetranitrate. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv250. this va drug class (cv250) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antianginals.. "
"combination antianginals. this classification denotes combination drugs that consist of various combined compounds that deal with that cardiovascular disorder characterized by paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation, a condition commonly called angina pectoris, and hence the name (for these preparations) antianginals. typical combination antianginal constituents are mannitol hexanitrate and pentaerythritol tetranitrate.. pentaerythritol tetranitrate/phenobarbital. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv250. this va drug class (cv250) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antianginals.. "
"combination antianginals. this classification denotes combination drugs that consist of various combined compounds that deal with that cardiovascular disorder characterized by paroxysmal pain consequent to myocardial ischemia usually of distinctive character, location and radiation, a condition commonly called angina pectoris, and hence the name (for these preparations) antianginals. typical combination antianginal constituents are mannitol hexanitrate and pentaerythritol tetranitrate.. phenobarbital/sodium nitrite. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv250. this va drug class (cv250) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antianginals.. "
"combination antiarrhythmics. this classification denotes combination preparations for the treatment or prevention of disturbances of the normal rhythmic beating of the heart. they may affect the polarization-repolarization phase of the action potential, its excitability or refractoriness, or impulse conduction or membrane responsiveness within cardiac fibers. anti-arrhythmia agents are often classed into four main groups according to their mechanism of action: sodium channel blockade, beta-adrenergic blockade, repolarization prolongation, or calcium channel blockade. typical combination antiarrhythmic constituients are bretylium, dextrose, and lidocaine.. . "
"combination antiarrhythmics. this classification denotes combination preparations for the treatment or prevention of disturbances of the normal rhythmic beating of the heart. they may affect the polarization-repolarization phase of the action potential, its excitability or refractoriness, or impulse conduction or membrane responsiveness within cardiac fibers. anti-arrhythmia agents are often classed into four main groups according to their mechanism of action: sodium channel blockade, beta-adrenergic blockade, repolarization prolongation, or calcium channel blockade. typical combination antiarrhythmic constituients are bretylium, dextrose, and lidocaine.. bretylium/dextrose. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv300. this va drug class (cv300) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antiarrhythmics.. "
"combination antilipemic agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that lower the levels of certain lipids (or alcohol-ether-soluble constituents of protoplasm) in the blood, such as fats, phospholipids, glycolipids, sulfolipids, aminolipids, chromolipids, and which therefore treat hyperlipidemia, hence the term antilipemic agents. typical combination antilipemic agent constituents are aspirin, cholestyramine, ezetimibe, lovastatin, and niacin.. . "
"combination antilipemic agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that lower the levels of certain lipids (or alcohol-ether-soluble constituents of protoplasm) in the blood, such as fats, phospholipids, glycolipids, sulfolipids, aminolipids, chromolipids, and which therefore treat hyperlipidemia, hence the term antilipemic agents. typical combination antilipemic agent constituents are aspirin, cholestyramine, ezetimibe, lovastatin, and niacin.. aspirin/pravastatin. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv350. this va drug class (cv350) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antilipemic agents.. "
"combination antilipemic agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that lower the levels of certain lipids (or alcohol-ether-soluble constituents of protoplasm) in the blood, such as fats, phospholipids, glycolipids, sulfolipids, aminolipids, chromolipids, and which therefore treat hyperlipidemia, hence the term antilipemic agents. typical combination antilipemic agent constituents are aspirin, cholestyramine, ezetimibe, lovastatin, and niacin.. cholestyramine/sorbitol. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv350. this va drug class (cv350) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antilipemic agents.. "
"combination antilipemic agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that lower the levels of certain lipids (or alcohol-ether-soluble constituents of protoplasm) in the blood, such as fats, phospholipids, glycolipids, sulfolipids, aminolipids, chromolipids, and which therefore treat hyperlipidemia, hence the term antilipemic agents. typical combination antilipemic agent constituents are aspirin, cholestyramine, ezetimibe, lovastatin, and niacin.. ezetimibe/simvastatin. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv350. this va drug class (cv350) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antilipemic agents.. "
"combination antilipemic agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that lower the levels of certain lipids (or alcohol-ether-soluble constituents of protoplasm) in the blood, such as fats, phospholipids, glycolipids, sulfolipids, aminolipids, chromolipids, and which therefore treat hyperlipidemia, hence the term antilipemic agents. typical combination antilipemic agent constituents are aspirin, cholestyramine, ezetimibe, lovastatin, and niacin.. lovastatin/niacin. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv350. this va drug class (cv350) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antilipemic agents.. "
"combination antilipemic agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that lower the levels of certain lipids (or alcohol-ether-soluble constituents of protoplasm) in the blood, such as fats, phospholipids, glycolipids, sulfolipids, aminolipids, chromolipids, and which therefore treat hyperlipidemia, hence the term antilipemic agents. typical combination antilipemic agent constituents are aspirin, cholestyramine, ezetimibe, lovastatin, and niacin.. niacin/simvastatin. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv350. this va drug class (cv350) classifies this compound as belonging to the group antilipemic agents.. "
"combination cardiovascular agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that affect the rate or intensity of cardiac contraction, blood vessel diameter, or blood volume, and thereby improve cardiovascular function, hence the term cardiovascular agents. typical combination cardiovascular agent constituents are calcium chloride and potassium chloride.. . "
"combination cardiovascular agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that affect the rate or intensity of cardiac contraction, blood vessel diameter, or blood volume, and thereby improve cardiovascular function, hence the term cardiovascular agents. typical combination cardiovascular agent constituents are calcium chloride and potassium chloride.. calcium chloride/dextrose/magnesium chloride/sodium chloride. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv900. this va drug class (cv900) classifies this compound as belonging to the group cardiovascular agents, other.. "
"combination cardiovascular agents. this classification denotes combination drugs that affect the rate or intensity of cardiac contraction, blood vessel diameter, or blood volume, and thereby improve cardiovascular function, hence the term cardiovascular agents. typical combination cardiovascular agent constituents are calcium chloride and potassium chloride.. potassium chloride/sodium bicarbonate. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class cv900. this va drug class (cv900) classifies this compound as belonging to the group cardiovascular agents, other.. "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. . "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. almokalant. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c18h28n2o3s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) i9ng89l275, chemically known as benzonitrile, 4-(3-(ethyl(3-(propylsulfinyl)propyl)amino)-2-hydroxypropoxy)- but more generally known as almokalant, which bears us nih compound identifier 3033962. european medicines agency schedules almokalant in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05349mig. the term almokalant is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31). almokalant is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule almokalant under hs 29309085 and sitc 51549. as of q4 2014, almokalant remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. almokalant bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0167716 and nci concept code c77828. smiles: s(=o)(cccn(cc(o)coc1ccc(cc1)c#n)cc)ccc.. "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. stirocainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h34n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) lxd20tik6y, chemically known as cycloheptanone, 2-(phenylmethylene)-, o-(2-(bis(1-methylethyl)amino)ethyl)oxime, (e,e)- but more generally known as stirocainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 9570767. european medicines agency schedules stirocainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10655mig. the term stirocainide is an international non-proprietary name. stirocainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule stirocainide under hs 29280090 and sitc 51486. as of q4 2014, stirocainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. stirocainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0075263 and nci concept code c72584. smiles: o(/n=c1\\ccccc\\c1=c/c1ccccc1)ccn(c(c)c)c(c)c.. "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. itrocainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 79edp2vhy8. european medicines agency schedules itrocainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08355mig. itrocainide generally arises in the molecular formula c23h27n3o. the term itrocainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 39, no. 5, 1985, list 25.) itrocainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule itrocainide under hs 29334990 and sitc 51575. as of q4 2014, itrocainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. itrocainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1881286 and nci concept code c65993. smiles: o=c(nccn(cc)cc)c1c2c(c(nc1)c1c(cccc1)c)cccc2.. "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. zocainone. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) w8u4s4xlwc. european medicines agency schedules zocainone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00169mig. zocainone generally arises in the molecular formula c22h27no3. the term zocainone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 33, no. 10 1979, list 19.) zocainone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule zocainone under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, zocainone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. zocainone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1883603 and nci concept code c66699. smiles: o(ccn(cc)cc)c1c(o/c(=c/c2ccccc2)c(=o)c)cccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. drobuline. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c19h25no, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 6lln8eq6ta, chemically known as benzenepropanol, alpha-(((1-methylethyl)amino)methyl)-gamma-phenyl-, (+-)- but more generally known as drobuline, which bears us nih compound identifier 60890. european medicines agency schedules drobuline in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06401mig. the term drobuline is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 31, no10, 1977, list 17). drobuline is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule drobuline under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, drobuline remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. drobuline bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0607421 and nci concept code c65482. smiles: oc(cc(c1ccccc1)c1ccccc1)cnc(c)c.. "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. guafecainol. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) l68qku1h9u. european medicines agency schedules guafecainol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07969mig. guafecainol generally arises in the molecular formula c16h27no4. the term guafecainol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 32, no 10 1978, list 18.) guafecainol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule guafecainol under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, guafecainol remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. guafecainol bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2827163 and nci concept code c83738. smiles: o(ccn(cc)cc)cc(o)coc1c(oc)cccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic alcohols. this classification denotes alkyl compounds containing a hydroxyl group, substances called alcohols, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alcohols.. sotalol. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and adrenergic antagonist with the molecular formula c12h20n2o3s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) a6d97u294i, chemically known as methanesulfonanilide, 4-(1-hydroxy-2-(isopropylamino)ethyl)- but more generally known as sotalol, which bears us nih compound identifier 5253. european medicines agency schedules sotalol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10607mig. the term sotalol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 22, no. 10, 1968, list 8). world health organization schedules sotalol in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. sotalol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule sotalol under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, sotalol remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. sotalol bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0037707 and nci concept code c61949. smiles: s(=o)(=o)(nc1ccc(c(o)cnc(c)c)cc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic alkaline earth metals. this classification denotes based in part or whole on metals that constitute the group 2 of the periodic table (barium, beryllium, calcium, magnesium, radium, and strontium), substances called alkaline earth metals, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaline earth metals.. . "
"antiarrythmic alkaline earth metals. this classification denotes based in part or whole on metals that constitute the group 2 of the periodic table (barium, beryllium, calcium, magnesium, radium, and strontium), substances called alkaline earth metals, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaline earth metals.. magnesium gluconate. this classification denotes a nutritional supplement with the molecular formula 2c6h11o7.mg.2h2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier t42nad2khc, chemically known as gluconic acid, magnesium salt (2:1), d- but more generally known as magnesium gluconate, which bears us nih compound identifier 19261. european medicines agency schedules magnesium gluconate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub14425mig. world health organization schedules magnesium gluconate in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. as of q4 2014, magnesium gluconate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. magnesium gluconate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0126777 and nci concept code c76081. smiles: c(c(c(c(c(c(=o)[o-])o)o)o)o)o.c(c(c(c(c(c(=o)[o-])o)o)o)o)o.[mg+2].. "
"antiarrythmic alkaloids. this classification denotes organic nitrogenous bases, which chemists usually extract from animal and vegetable sources (and thereafter synthesize the same), substances which called alkaloids, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaloids.. . "
"antiarrythmic alkaloids. this classification denotes organic nitrogenous bases, which chemists usually extract from animal and vegetable sources (and thereafter synthesize the same), substances which called alkaloids, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaloids.. ajmaline. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c20h26n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 1pon08459r, chemically known as ajmalan-17,21-diol, (17r,21.alpha.)- but more generally known as ajmaline, which bears us nih compound identifier 2073. ajmaline comes in many forms, including aspartate, ethanolate, ethylphenylbarbiturate, n-oxide, and phenylbarbiturate. european medicines agency schedules ajmaline in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12754mig. world health organization schedules ajmaline in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. as of q4 2014, ajmaline remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ajmaline bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0001888 and nci concept code c83524. smiles: oc1c23c(n(c4c3cccc4)c)c3n4c(c1c(c3)c(c4o)cc)c2.. "
"antiarrythmic alkaloids. this classification denotes organic nitrogenous bases, which chemists usually extract from animal and vegetable sources (and thereafter synthesize the same), substances which called alkaloids, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaloids.. prajmaline. this classification denotes an anti-arrhythmia agent with the molecular formula c23h33n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 75934ud4gj, chemically known as ajmalanium, 17,21-dihydroxy-4-propyl-, (17r,21-alpha)- but more generally known as prajmaline, which bears us nih compound identifier 37042. world health organization schedules prajmaline in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. smiles: ccc[n+]12c3cc(c(c1o)cc)c4c2cc5(c3n(c6=cc=cc=c65)c)c4o. smiles: ccc[n+]12c3cc(c(c1o)cc)c4c2cc5(c3n(c6=cc=cc=c65)c)c4o.. "
"antiarrythmic alkaloids. this classification denotes organic nitrogenous bases, which chemists usually extract from animal and vegetable sources (and thereafter synthesize the same), substances which called alkaloids, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaloids.. sparteine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic and oxytocic quinolizidine alkaloid with the molecular formula c15h26n2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 298897d62s, chemically known as 6-beta,7-alpha,9-alpha,11-alpha-pachycarpine but more generally known as sparteine, which bears us nih compound identifier 644020. the term sparteine is an international non-proprietary name or inn. european medicines agency schedules sparteine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10613mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule sparteine under hs 29399900 and sitc 54149. as of q4 2014, sparteine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: c1ccn2cc3cc(c2c1)cn4c3cccc4.. "
"antiarrythmic alkaloids. this classification denotes organic nitrogenous bases, which chemists usually extract from animal and vegetable sources (and thereafter synthesize the same), substances which called alkaloids, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaloids.. emilium tosilate. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) ciq9qg91py. european medicines agency schedules emilium tosilate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06507mig. emilium tosilate generally arises in the molecular formula c12h20no.c7h7o3s. the term emilium tosilate is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 31, no10, 1977, list 17.) most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule emilium tosilate under hs 29239000 and sitc 51481. smiles: cc[n+](c)(c)cc1=cc(=cc=c1)oc.cc1=cc=c(c=c1)s(=o)(=o)[o-].. "
"antiarrythmic alkaloids. this classification denotes organic nitrogenous bases, which chemists usually extract from animal and vegetable sources (and thereafter synthesize the same), substances which called alkaloids, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaloids.. hydroquinidine. this classification denotes an anti-arrhythmia agent and parasympatholytic with the molecular formula c20h26n2o2.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 6br4g8vahm, chemically known as hydroquinine, hydrochloride but more generally known as hydroquinidine hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 102134. european medicines agency schedules hydroquinidine hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub14137mig. as of q4 2014, hydroquinidine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: ccc1cn2ccc1cc2c(c3=c4c=c(c=cc4=nc=c3)oc)o.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic alkaloids. this classification denotes organic nitrogenous bases, which chemists usually extract from animal and vegetable sources (and thereafter synthesize the same), substances which called alkaloids, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic alkaloids.. lorajmine. this classification denotes an anti-arrhythmia agent with the molecular formula c22h27cln2o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) f96vx65849, chemically known as ajmalan-17,21-diol, 17-(chloroacetate) but more generally known as lorajmine, which bears us nih compound identifier 92090. european medicines agency schedules lorajmine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08579mig. world health organization schedules lorajmine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. lorajmine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule lorajmine under hs 29399900 and sitc 54149. as of q4 2014, lorajmine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: clcoc(=o)c1c23c(n(c4c3cccc4)c)c3n4c(c1c(c3)c(c4o)cc)c2.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. . "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. acecainide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c15h23n3o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 910q707v6f, chemically known as benzamide, 4-(acetylamino)-n-(2-(diethylamino)ethyl)- but more generally known as acecainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 4342. acecainide most often appears in forms base and hydrochloride. european medicines agency schedules acecainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07372mig. the term acecainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 32, no 10 1978, list 18). acecainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule acecainide under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, acecainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. acecainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0001061 and nci concept code c75125. smiles: o=c(nccn(cc)cc)c1ccc(nc(=o)c)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. acecainide hydrochloride. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c15h23n3o2.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier b9k738kx14, chemically known as benzamide, 4-(acetylamino)-n-(2-(diethylamino)ethyl)-, monohydrochloride but more generally known as acecainide hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 71417. the base compound, acecainide, also comes in base form. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule acecainide hydrochloride under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, acecainide hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. acecainide hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0282038 and nci concept code c75126. smiles: ccn(cc)ccnc(=o)c1ccc(cc1)nc(=o)c.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. droxicainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c16h24n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) j6w196lmv3, chemically known as 2-piperidinecarboxamide, n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-n-(2-hydroxyethyl)-, monohydrochloride, (+-)- but more generally known as droxicainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 135791. european medicines agency schedules droxicainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06418mig. the term droxicainide is an international non-proprietary name. droxicainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule droxicainide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, droxicainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. droxicainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0058764 and nci concept code c72579. smiles: cl.o=c(n(c1c(cccc1c)c)cco)c1ncccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. actisomide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c23h35n3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) ijq29n87nr, chemically known as 3h-pyrido(1,2-c)pyrimidin-3-one, 4-(2-(bis(1-methylethyl)amino)ethyl)-4,4a,5,6,7,8-hexahydro-1-methyl-4-phenyl-, cis-(+-)- but more generally known as actisomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 57147. european medicines agency schedules actisomide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05257mig. the term actisomide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29). actisomide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule actisomide under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, actisomide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. actisomide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0074107 and nci concept code c90662. smiles: o=c1n=c(n2c(c1(ccn(c(c)c)c(c)c)c1ccccc1)cccc2)c.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. droxicainide hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c16h24n2o2.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 91801a0812, chemically known as droxicainide hydrochloride, (+/-)-, but more generally known as droxicainide hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 3060807. european medicines agency schedules droxicainide hydrochloride or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06418mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule droxicainide hydrochloride under hs 29333999. smiles: cc1cccc(c1nc(=o)c2ccccn2cco)c.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. encainide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h28n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) sy3j0147nb, chemically known as benzamide, 4-methoxy-n-(2-(2-(1-methyl-2-piperidinyl)ethyl)phenyl)-, (+-)- but more generally known as encainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 48033. european medicines agency schedules encainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06519mig. the term encainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 33, no. 10 1979, list 19). world health organization schedules encainide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. encainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule encainide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, encainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. encainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0085251 and nci concept code c65511. smiles: o=c(nc1c(c(cn2ccccc2)c)cccc1)c1ccc(oc)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. dofetilide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c19h27n3o5s2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) r4z9x1n2nd, chemically known as uk 68,798 but more generally known as dofetilide, which bears us nih compound identifier 71329. european medicines agency schedules dofetilide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06351mig. the term dofetilide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31). world health organization schedules dofetilide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. dofetilide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule dofetilide under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, dofetilide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. dofetilide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0114771 and nci concept code c47499. smiles: s(=o)(=o)(nc1ccc(ccn(ccoc2ccc(ns(=o)(=o)c)cc2)c)cc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. encainide hydrochloride. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h28n2o2.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 4ch7j36n9s, chemically known as benzamide, 4-methoxy-n-(2-(2-(1-methyl-2-piperidinyl)ethyl)phenyl)-, monohydrochloride, (+-)- but more generally known as encainide hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 48040. european medicines agency schedules encainide hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub01885mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule encainide hydrochloride under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, encainide hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. encainide hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0916906 and nci concept code c75131. smiles: cn1ccccc1ccc2ccccc2nc(=o)c3ccc(cc3)oc.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. epicainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) dzy7ar1b0u. european medicines agency schedules epicainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06562mig. epicainide generally arises in the molecular formula c21h26n2o2. the term epicainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 33, no. 10 1979, list 19.) epicainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule epicainide under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, epicainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. epicainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0638068 and nci concept code c72580. smiles: oc(c(=o)ncc1n(ccc1)cc)(c1ccccc1)c1ccccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. ibutilide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 2436vx1u9b. european medicines agency schedules ibutilide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08102mig. ibutilide generally arises in the molecular formula c20h36n2o3s. the term ibutilide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31.) ibutilide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ibutilide under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, ibutilide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ibutilide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0082966 and nci concept code c72581. smiles: s(=o)(=o)(nc1ccc(c(o)cccn(ccccccc)cc)cc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. ibutilide fumarate. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula 2c20h36n2o3s.c4h4o4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 9l5x4m5l6i. european medicines agency schedules ibutilide fumarate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub14176mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ibutilide fumarate under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, ibutilide fumarate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ibutilide fumarate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0644117 and nci concept code c47561. smiles: cccccccn(cc)cccc(c1ccc(cc1)ns(=o)(=o)c)o.cccccccn(cc)cccc(c1ccc(cc1)ns(=o)(=o)c)o.c(=c/c(=o)o)\\c(=o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. modecainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h28n2o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) ju27887fwk, chemically known as benzamide, 4-hydroxy-3-methoxy-n-(2-(2-(1-methyl-2-piperidinyl)ethyl)phenyl)-, ( but more generally known as modecainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 54737. european medicines agency schedules modecainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09028mig. the term modecainide is an international non-proprietary name. modecainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule modecainide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, modecainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. modecainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2983824 and nci concept code c90665. smiles: o=c(nc1c(ccc2n(cccc2)c)cccc1)c1cc(oc)c(o)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. tocainide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c11h16n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 27dxo59san, chemically known as 2-amino-n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)propionamid but more generally known as tocainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 38945. european medicines agency schedules tocainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub11136mig. the term tocainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 31, no10, 1977, list 17). world health organization schedules tocainide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. tocainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tocainide under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, tocainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tocainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0085237 and nci concept code c66607. smiles: cc1=c(c(=cc=c1)c)nc(=o)c(c)n.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. procainamide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c13h21n3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) l39wtc366d, chemically known as benzamide, p-amino-n-(2-(diethylamino)ethyl)- but more generally known as procainamide, which bears us nih compound identifier 4913. european medicines agency schedules procainamide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10055mig. the term procainamide is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules procainamide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. procainamide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule procainamide under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, procainamide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. procainamide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0033216 and nci concept code c61905. smiles: o=c(nccn(cc)cc)c1ccc(n)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. pincainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent and anesthetic agent with the molecular formula c16h24n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 66803gmo3g, chemically known as 2,3,4,5,6,7-hexahydro-1h-azepine-1-aceto-2,6-xylidide but more generally known as pincainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 71267. european medicines agency schedules pincainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09853mig. the term pincainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 37, no. 6, 1983, list 23). most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pincainide under hs 29339930 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, pincainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pincainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0137074 and nci concept code c66389. smiles: o=c(nc1c(cccc1c)c)cn1cccccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. procainamide hydrochloride. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c13h21n3o.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier si4064o0lx, chemically known as benzamide, p-amino-n-(2-(diethylamino)ethyl)-, hydrochloride but more generally known as procainamide hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 66068. european medicines agency schedules procainamide hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub04045mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule procainamide hydrochloride under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, procainamide hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. procainamide hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0699067 and nci concept code c47687. smiles: ccn(cc)ccnc(=o)c1ccc(cc1)n.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. pilsicainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c17h24n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) av0x7v6cse, chemically known as 1h-pyrrolizine-7a(5h)-acetamide, n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)tetrahydro- but more generally known as pilsicainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 4820. european medicines agency schedules pilsicainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09834mig. the term pilsicainide is an international non-proprietary name. pilsicainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pilsicainide under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, pilsicainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pilsicainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0164155 and nci concept code c72582. smiles: o=c(nc1c(cccc1c)c)cc12n(ccc1)ccc2.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. pilsicainide hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular structure c17h24n2o.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier, 03c8i9296v chemically known as 1h-pyrrolizine-7a(5h)-acetamide, n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)tetrahydro-, hydrochloride (1:1), but more commonly known as pilsicainide hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 114817. european medicines agency schedules pilsicainide hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03822mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pilsicainide hydrochloride under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, pilsicainide hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: cc1cccc(c1nc(=o)cc23cccn2ccc3)c.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. tocainide hydrochloride. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c11h16n2o.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2k7i38ckn5, chemically known as 2-amino-n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)propanamide monohydrochloride but more generally known as tocainide hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 108173. european medicines agency schedules tocainide hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub04897mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tocainide hydrochloride under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, tocainide hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tocainide hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0886765 and nci concept code c47761. smiles: cc1cccc(c1nc(=o)c(c)n)c.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical, substances called amides, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amides.. transcainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h35n3o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 5vsp2x37qg, chemically known as 4-piperidinecarboxamide, 4-(dimethylamino)-n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-1-(2-hydroxycyclohexyl)-, trans-(+-)- but more generally known as transcainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 68608. european medicines agency schedules transcainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub11216mig. the term transcainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 38, no. 6, 1984, list 24). transcainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule transcainide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, transcainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. transcainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0076902 and nci concept code c90667. smiles: oc1c(n2ccc(n(c)c)(cc2)c(=o)nc2c(cccc2c)c)cccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. . "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. aprindine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h30n2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 5y48085p9q, chemically known as 1,3-propanediamine, n-(2, 3-dihydro-1h-inden-2-yl)-n,n-diethyl-n-phenyl-, monohydrochloride but more generally known as aprindine, which bears us nih compound identifier 2218. aprindine most often comes in base and hydrochloride forms. european medicines agency schedules aprindine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05542mig. the term aprindine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 26, no. 10 1972, list 12). world health organization schedules aprindine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. aprindine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule aprindine under hs 29215990 and sitc 51455. as of q4 2014, aprindine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. aprindine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0003639 and nci concept code c77975. smiles: n(c1cc2c(c1)cccc2)(cccn(cc)cc)c1ccccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. butobendine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c32h48n2o10, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) rp2j52327k, chemically known as ( )-(s,s)-ethylenebis-((methylimino)(2-ethylethylene))bis(3,4,5-trimethoxy-benzoate). but more generally known as butobendine, which bears us nih compound identifier 3037620. butobendine most often comes in base, dihydrochloride, and hydrochloride forms. european medicines agency schedules butobendine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06025mig. the term butobendine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 35, no. 5 1981, list 21). butobendine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule butobendine under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, butobendine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. butobendine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2825628 and nci concept code c81433. smiles: o(c(nc)c(ccc(c(oc(=o)c1cc(oc)c(oc)c(oc)c1)nc)cc)cc)c(=o)c1cc(oc)c(oc)c(oc)c1.. "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. aprindine hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h30n2.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier pb5ekt7q2v, chemically known as 1,3-propanediamine, n-(2, 3-dihydro-1h-inden-2-yl)-n,n-diethyl-n-phenyl-, monohydrochloride but more generally known as aprindine hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 2218. european medicines agency schedules aprindine hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00565mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule aprindine hydrochloride under hs 29215990 and sitc 51455. as of q4 2014, aprindine hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. aprindine hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0771404 and nci concept code c77976. smiles: ccn(cc)cccn(c1ccccc1)c2cc3ccccc3c2.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. butoprozine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c28h38n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier, 9xwf3530og chemically known as methanone, (4-(3-(dibutylamino)-propoxy)phenyl)(2-ethyl-3-indolizinyl)-, but more commonly known as butoprozine, which bears us nih compound identifier 71959. european medicines agency schedules butoprozine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06033mig. the term butoprozine is an international non-proprietary name or inn. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule butoprozine under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, butoprozine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. butoprozine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0054266 and nci concept code c79924. smiles: ccccn(cccc)cccoc1=cc=c(c=c1)c(=o)c2=c(c=c3n2c=cc=c3)cc.. "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. pentisomide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c19h33n3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 506t8ktw5q, chemically known as 2-pyridineacetamide, alpha-(2-(bis(1-methylethyl)amino)ethyl)-alpha-(2-methylpropyl)-, (+-)- but more generally known as pentisomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 65847. european medicines agency schedules pentisomide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09697mig. the term pentisomide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29). pentisomide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pentisomide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, pentisomide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pentisomide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0072206 and nci concept code c90666. smiles: o=c(n)c(ccn(c(c)c)c(c)c)(cc(c)c)c1ncccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. mexiletine hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c11h17no.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 606d60is38, chemically known as 2-propanamine, 1-(2,6-dimethylphenoxy)-, hydrochloride but more generally known as mexiletine hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 21467. european medicines agency schedules mexiletine hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03281mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule mexiletine hydrochloride under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, mexiletine hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. mexiletine hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0600129 and nci concept code c652. smiles: cc1cccc(c1occ(c)n)c.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic amines. this classification denotes compounds derived from ammonia by substituting organic radicals for the hydrogens, substances called amines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic amines.. mexiletine. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c11h17no, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 1u511hhv4z, chemically known as 2-propanamine, 1-(2,6-dimethylphenoxy)- but more generally known as mexiletine, which bears us nih compound identifier 4178. european medicines agency schedules mexiletine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08931mig. the term mexiletine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 27, no. 10 1973, list 13). world health organization schedules mexiletine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule mexiletine under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, mexiletine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. mexiletine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0025887 and nci concept code c62047. smiles: cc1=c(c(=cc=c1)c)occ(c)n.. "
"antiarrythmic azocines. this classification denotes compounds based on c7h7n or azacyclooctatetraene, called azocines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic azocines.. . "
"antiarrythmic azocines. this classification denotes compounds based on c7h7n or azacyclooctatetraene, called azocines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic azocines.. asocainol. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c27h31no3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) j40338okkt, chemically known as (+-)-6,7,8,9-tetrahydro-2,12-dimethoxy-7-methyl-6-phenethyl-5h-dibenz(d,f)azonin-1-ol but more generally known as asocainol, which bears us nih compound identifier 71161. asocainol most often comes in base and hydrochloride forms. european medicines agency schedules asocainol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05583mig. the term asocainol is an international non-proprietary name. asocainol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule asocainol under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, asocainol remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. asocainol bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0052513 and nci concept code c72574. smiles: oc1c2c(cc(n(ccc3c2cc(oc)cc3)c)ccc2ccccc2)ccc1oc.. "
"antiarrythmic azocines. this classification denotes compounds based on c7h7n or azacyclooctatetraene, called azocines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic azocines.. asocainol hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c27h31no3.hcl, a preparation chemically known as 6,7,8,9-tetrahydro-2,12-dimethoxy-7-methyl-6-phenethyl-5h-dibenz(d,f)azonin-1-ol hydrochloride but more generally known as asocainol hydrochloride. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule asocainol hydrochloride under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. smiles: oc1c2c(cc(n(ccc3c2cc(oc)cc3)c)ccc2ccccc2)ccc1oc.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic azoles.. . "
"antiarrythmic azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic azoles.. cibenzoline. this classification denotes an anti-arrhythmia agent with the molecular formula c18h18n2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) z7489237qt, chemically known as 1h-imidazole, 2-(2,2-diphenylcyclopropyl)-4,5-dihydro-, (+-)- but more generally known as cibenzoline, which bears us nih compound identifier 2747. european medicines agency schedules cibenzoline in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06229mig. world health organization schedules cibenzoline in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. cibenzoline is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule cibenzoline under hs 29332990 and sitc 51573. smiles: c1cn=c(n1)c2cc2(c3=cc=cc=c3)c4=cc=cc=c4.. "
"antiarrythmic azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic azoles.. dazolicine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c17h24cln3s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 92ke01wh2p, chemically known as 8-chloro-3,4,5,6-tetrahydro-6-((1-isopropyl-2-imidazolin-2-yl)methyl)-2h-1,6-benzothiazocine but more generally known as dazolicine, which bears us nih compound identifier 68810. european medicines agency schedules dazolicine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06922mig. the term dazolicine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 32, no 10 1978, list 18). dazolicine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule dazolicine under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, dazolicine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. dazolicine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0612580 and nci concept code c75128. smiles: clc1cc2n(cc3=nccn3c(c)c)ccccsc2cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic benzazepines. this classification denotes compounds composed of azepines bound to benzene, substances called benzazepines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic benzazepines.. . "
"antiarrythmic benzazepines. this classification denotes compounds composed of azepines bound to benzene, substances called benzazepines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic benzazepines.. ivabradine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c27h36n2o5, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 3h48l0lpzq, chemically known as 7,8-dimethoxy-3-(3-(((4,5-dimethoxybenzocyclobutan-1-yl)methyl)methylamino)propyl)-1,3,4,5-tetrahydro-2h-benzazepin-2-one but more generally known as ivabradine, which bears us nih compound identifier 132999. european medicines agency schedules ivabradine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08357mig. the term ivabradine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 11, no. 11997, list 37). world health organization schedules ivabradine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. ivabradine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ivabradine under hs 29337900 and sitc 51561. as of q4 2014, ivabradine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ivabradine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0257190 and nci concept code c65995. smiles: o(c1cc2c(cc2cc1oc)cn(cccn1ccc2c(cc1=o)cc(oc)c(oc)c2)c)c.. "
"antiarrythmic benzazepines. this classification denotes compounds composed of azepines bound to benzene, substances called benzazepines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic benzazepines.. zatebradine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c26h36n2o5, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) tv27ry5876, chemically known as 3-(3-((3,4-dimethoxyphenethyl)methylamino)propyl)-1,3,4,5-tetrahydro-7,8-dimethoxy-2h-3-benzazepin-2-one but more generally known as zatebradine, which bears us nih compound identifier 65637. european medicines agency schedules zatebradine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00143mig. the term zatebradine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 4, no. 3 1990, list 30). zatebradine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule zatebradine under hs 29337900 and sitc 51561. as of q4 2014, zatebradine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. zatebradine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0208084 and nci concept code c66687. smiles: o=c1n(ccc2c(c1)cc(oc)c(oc)c2)cccn(ccc1cc(oc)c(oc)cc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic benzofurans. this classification denotes compounds that contain a benzene ring fused to a furan ring, substances which are therefore called benzo-furans, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic benzofurans.. . "
"antiarrythmic benzofurans. this classification denotes compounds that contain a benzene ring fused to a furan ring, substances which are therefore called benzo-furans, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic benzofurans.. amiodarone. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c25h29i2no3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) n3rq532iut, chemically known as 2-n-butyl-3,5-diiodo-4-n-diethylaminoethoxy-3-benzoylbenzofuran but more generally known as amiodarone, which bears us nih compound identifier 2157. amiodarone most often comes in base and hydrochloride forms. european medicines agency schedules amiodarone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05451mig. the term amiodarone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 21 no. 12 1967, list 7). world health organization schedules amiodarone in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. amiodarone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule amiodarone under hs 29329985 and sitc 51569. as of q4 2014, amiodarone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. amiodarone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0002598 and nci concept code c62002. smiles: ic1c(occn(cc)cc)c(i)cc(c(=o)c2c(oc3c2cccc3)cccc)c1.. "
"antiarrythmic benzofurans. this classification denotes compounds that contain a benzene ring fused to a furan ring, substances which are therefore called benzo-furans, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic benzofurans.. dronedarone. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) jqz1l091y2. european medicines agency schedules dronedarone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06408mig. dronedarone generally arises in the molecular formula c31h44n2o5s. the term dronedarone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 11, no. 11997, list 37.) most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule dronedarone under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, dronedarone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. dronedarone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0766326 and nci concept code c65485. smiles: s(=o)(=o)(nc1cc2c(c(oc2cc1)cccc)c(=o)c1ccc(occcn(cccc)cccc)cc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. . "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. ambasilide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h25n3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 012lyd6kxm, chemically known as 3-(p-aminobenzoyl)-7-benzyl-3,7-diazabicyclo(3.3.1)nonane but more generally known as ambasilide, which bears us nih compound identifier 71270. european medicines agency schedules ambasilide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05393mig. the term ambasilide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29). ambasilide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ambasilide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, ambasilide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ambasilide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0169222 and nci concept code c72573. smiles: o=c(n1cc2cc(cn(c2)cc2ccccc2)c1)c1ccc(n)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. tedisamil. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c19h32n2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) a5vay2u3r8, chemically known as 3,7-bis(cyclopropylmethyl)spiro(cyclopentane-1,9-(3,7)diazabicyclo(3.3.1)nonane) but more generally known as tedisamil, which bears us nih compound identifier 65825. european medicines agency schedules tedisamil in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10864mig. the term tedisamil is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29). world health organization schedules tedisamil in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. tedisamil is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tedisamil under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, tedisamil remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tedisamil bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0076034 and nci concept code c72585. smiles: n1(cc2c3(c(c1)cn(c2)cc1cc1)cccc3)cc1cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. tedisamil sesquifumarate. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula 2c19h32n2.3c4h4o4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier y4hrg433uu, chemically known as bis(3,7-bis(cyclopropylmethyl)spiro(cyclopentane-1,9-(3,7)diazabicyclo(3.3.1)nonane))dihydrogen tris((2e-but-2-enedioate), but more generally known as tedisamil sesquifumarate, which bears us nih compound identifier 56841543. european medicines agency schedules tedisamil sesquifumarate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub22754. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tedisamil sesquifumarate under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, tedisamil sesquifumarate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tedisamil sesquifumarate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2348658 and nci concept code c73802. smiles: c1cc2(c3cn(cc2cn(c3)cc4cc4)cc5cc5)cc1.c1cc2(c3cn(cc2cn(c3)cc4cc4)cc5cc5)cc1.c(=c/c(=o)o)\\c(=o)o.c(=c/c(=o)o)\\c(=o)o.c(=c/c(=o)o)\\c(=o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. bisaramil. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c17h23cln2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) fvt2esg270, chemically known as syn-3-ethyl-7-methyl-3,7-diazabicyclo(3.3.1)non-9-yl p-chlorobenzoate but more generally known as bisaramil, which bears us nih compound identifier 3033742. bisaramil most often comes in base and hydrochloride forms. european medicines agency schedules bisaramil in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05848mig. the term bisaramil is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29). bisaramil is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule bisaramil under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, bisaramil remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. bisaramil bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0106533 and nci concept code c81430. smiles: clc1ccc(c(=o)oc2c3cn(cc2cn(c3)c)cc)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. indecainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c20h24n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier, 3azf20dm1t chemically known as 9h-fluorene-9-carboxamide, 9-(3-((1-methylethyl)amino)propyl)-, but more commonly known as indecainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 52195. european medicines agency schedules indecainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08171mig. the term indecainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 37, no. 6, 1983, list 23). most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule indecainide under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, indecainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. indecainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0063455 and nci concept code c65910. smiles: cc(c)ncccc1(c2=cc=cc=c2c3=cc=cc=c31)c(=o)n.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. bunaftine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h30n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) gh09prq3fu, chemically known as 1-naphthalenecarboxamide, n-butyl-n-(2-(diethylamino)ethyl)- but more generally known as bunaftine, which bears us nih compound identifier 36131. european medicines agency schedules bunaftine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05973mig. the term bunaftine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 27, no. 10 1973, list 13). world health organization schedules bunaftine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. bunaftine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule bunaftine under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, bunaftine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. bunaftine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0006378 and nci concept code c72578. smiles: o=c(n(ccn(cc)cc)cccc)c1c2c(ccc1)cccc2.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. bunaftine citrate. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h30n2o.c6h8o7, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 0a2v53992z. the term bunaftine citrate is a u.s. fda designation. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule bunaftine citrate under hs 29242995. as of q4 2014, bunaftine citrate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: ccccn(ccn(cc)cc)c(=o)c1cccc2c1cccc2.c(c(=o)o)c(cc(=o)o)(c(=o)o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. bunaftine hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h30n2o.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier yh47nu604h. european medicines agency schedules bunaftine hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00897mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule bunaftine hydrochloride under hs 29242995 and sitc 51479. as of q4 2014, bunaftine hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: ccccn(ccn(cc)cc)c(=o)c1cccc2c1cccc2.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons. this classification denotes organic compounds composed of carbon and hydrogen alone (hydrogen-carbon), but forming a closed ring, substances called cyclic hydrocarbons, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cyclic hydrocarbons.. berlafenone. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 4mye3xa3gv. european medicines agency schedules berlafenone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05781mig. berlafenone generally arises in the molecular formula c19h25no2. the term berlafenone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31.) berlafenone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule berlafenone under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, berlafenone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. berlafenone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0165557 and nci concept code c72576. smiles: o(cc(o)cnc(c)(c)c)c1c(c2ccccc2)cccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic guanidines. this classification denotes iminourea derivatives based in whole or part on guanidine or ch5n3, substances called guanidines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic guanidines.. . "
"antiarrythmic guanidines. this classification denotes iminourea derivatives based in whole or part on guanidine or ch5n3, substances called guanidines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic guanidines.. meobentine sulfate. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula 2c11h17n3o.h2o4s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier d6bko039m0, chemically known as 1-(p-methoxybenzyl)-2,3-dimethylguanidine sulfate (2:1) but more generally known as meobentine sulfate, which bears us nih compound identifier 42764. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule meobentine sulfate under hs 29252900 and sitc 51482. as of q4 2014, meobentine sulfate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. meobentine sulfate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0127535 and nci concept code c90664. smiles: cnc(=nc)ncc1ccc(cc1)oc.cnc(=nc)ncc1ccc(cc1)oc.os(=o)(=o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic guanidines. this classification denotes iminourea derivatives based in whole or part on guanidine or ch5n3, substances called guanidines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic guanidines.. meobentine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c11h17n3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) t91e239z1v, chemically known as 1-[(4-methoxyphenyl)methyl]-2,3-dimethylguanidine but more generally known as meobentine, which bears us nih compound identifier 42765. european medicines agency schedules meobentine its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08743mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule meobentine under hs 29252900 and sitc 51482. as of q4 2014, meobentine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: cnc(=nc)ncc1=cc=c(c=c1)oc.. "
"antiarrythmic indoles. this classification denotes substances derived from benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, substances called indoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic indoles.. . "
"antiarrythmic indoles. this classification denotes substances derived from benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, substances called indoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic indoles.. alprafenone. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) d5h25d039v. european medicines agency schedules alprafenone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05369mig. alprafenone generally arises in the molecular formula c25h35no4. the term alprafenone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 4, no. 3 1990, list 30.) alprafenone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule alprafenone under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, alprafenone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. alprafenone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0170980 and nci concept code c72572. smiles: oc(cnc(cc)(c)c)coc1cc(ccc(=o)c2ccc(cc2)c)ccc1oc.. "
"antiarrythmic indoles. this classification denotes substances derived from benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, substances called indoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic indoles.. eproxindine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) e229k2he7f. european medicines agency schedules eproxindine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06588mig. eproxindine generally arises in the molecular formula c23h29n3o3. the term eproxindine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 37, no. 6, 1983, list 23.) eproxindine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule eproxindine under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, eproxindine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. eproxindine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0059470 and nci concept code c81429. smiles: oc(cn(cc)cc)cnc(=o)c1n(c2c(c1oc)cccc2)c1ccccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic indoles. this classification denotes substances derived from benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, substances called indoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic indoles.. rilozarone. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) e521i6380l. european medicines agency schedules rilozarone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10318mig. rilozarone generally arises in the molecular formula c32h36brcln2o2. the term rilozarone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 2, no. 3, 1988, list 28.) rilozarone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule rilozarone under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, rilozarone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. rilozarone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2699088 and nci concept code c75134. smiles: brc1c(c(n2c1cccc2)c(=o)c1cc(cl)c(occcn(cccc)cccc)cc1)c1ccccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic indoles. this classification denotes substances derived from benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, substances called indoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic indoles.. diprafenone. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c23h31no3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 1p35md5c1f, chemically known as 1-propanone, 1-(2-(3-((1,1-dimethylpropyl)amino)-2-hydroxypropoxy)phenyl)-3-phenyl- but more generally known as diprafenone, which bears us nih compound identifier 71249. european medicines agency schedules diprafenone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07219mig. the term diprafenone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 37, no. 6, 1983, list 23). diprafenone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule diprafenone under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, diprafenone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. diprafenone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0058420 and nci concept code c65429. smiles: oc(cnc(cc)(c)c)coc1c(c(=o)ccc2ccccc2)cccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic indoles. this classification denotes substances derived from benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, substances called indoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic indoles.. ubisindine. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c20h24n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) fv251t245m, chemically known as 2-(2-(diethylamino)ethyl)-2,3-dihydro-3-phenyl-1h-isoindol-1-one but more generally known as ubisindine, which bears us nih compound identifier 168473. european medicines agency schedules ubisindine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub11374mig. the term ubisindine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 31, no10, 1977, list 17). ubisindine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ubisindine under hs 29337900 and sitc 51561. as of q4 2014, ubisindine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ubisindine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0607222 and nci concept code c74125. smiles: o=c1n(c(c2c1cccc2)c1ccccc1)ccn(cc)cc.. "
"antiarrythmic indoles. this classification denotes substances derived from benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, substances called indoles, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic indoles.. propafenone. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h27no3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 68iqx3t69u, chemically known as 1-propanone, 1-(2-(2-hydroxy-3-(propylamino)propoxy)phenyl)-3-phenyl- but more generally known as propafenone, which bears us nih compound identifier 4932. european medicines agency schedules propafenone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10094mig. the term propafenone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 27, no. 10 1973, list 13). world health organization schedules propafenone in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. propafenone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule propafenone under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, propafenone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. propafenone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0033429 and nci concept code c61909. smiles: o(cc(o)cnccc)c1c(c(=o)ccc2ccccc2)cccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. . "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. benrixate. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c19h30n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 58nl35i27k, chemically known as 4-benzyl-1-piperidinecarboxylic acid, 2-(diethylamino)ethyl ester but more generally known as benrixate, which bears us nih compound identifier 184848. european medicines agency schedules benrixate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05729mig. the term benrixate is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 27, no. 10 1973, list 13). benrixate is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule benrixate under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, benrixate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. benrixate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2346995 and nci concept code c74126. smiles: o(c(=o)n1ccc(cc1)cc1ccccc1)ccn(cc)cc.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. disobutamide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c23h38cln3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 4izg3m7xvp, chemically known as 1-piperidinebutanamide, alpha-(2-(bis(1-methylethyl)amino)ethyl)-alpha-(2-chlorophenyl)- but more generally known as disobutamide, which bears us nih compound identifier 68566. european medicines agency schedules disobutamide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07234mig. the term disobutamide is an international non-proprietary name. disobutamide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule disobutamide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, disobutamide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. disobutamide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0058462 and nci concept code c81427. smiles: clc1c(c(ccn2ccccc2)(ccn(c(c)c)c(c)c)c(=o)n)cccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. flecainide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c17h20f6n2o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) k94fts1806, chemically known as n-(2-piperidylmethyl)-2,5-bis(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)benzamide but more generally known as flecainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 3356. european medicines agency schedules flecainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07637mig. the term flecainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 31, no10, 1977, list 17). world health organization schedules flecainide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. flecainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule flecainide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, flecainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. flecainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0016229 and nci concept code c62029. smiles: fc(f)(f)coc1c(c(=o)ncc2ncccc2)cc(occ(f)(f)f)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. pirmenol. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h30n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) vz3b6acv72, chemically known as 2-pyridinemethanol, alpha-(3-(2,6-dimethyl-1-piperidinyl)propyl)-alpha-phenyl-, cis-(+-)- but more generally known as pirmenol, which bears us nih compound identifier 4853. european medicines agency schedules pirmenol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09925mig. the term pirmenol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 34, no. 10 1980, list 20). pirmenol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pirmenol under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, pirmenol remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pirmenol bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0071144 and nci concept code c81434. smiles: oc(cccn1c(cccc1c)c)(c1ccccc1)c1ncccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. flecainide acetate. this classification denotes an anti-arrhythmia agent with the molecular formula c17h20f6n2o3.c2h4o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier m8u465q1wq, chemically known as n-(2-piperidylmethyl)-2,5-bis(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)benzamide but more generally known as flecainide acetate, which bears us nih compound identifier 3356. european medicines agency schedules flecainide acetate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub13894mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule flecainide acetate under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, flecainide acetate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. flecainide acetate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0086303 and nci concept code c499. smiles: cc(=o)o.c1cc(c(cc1occ(f)(f)f)c(=o)ncc2ccccn2)occ(f)(f)f.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. pirmenol hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antimuscarinic agent with the molecular formula c22h30n2o.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier ja79omg4qt, chemically known as 2-pyridinemethanol, alpha-(3-(2,6-dimethyl-1-piperidinyl)propyl)-alpha-phenyl-, monohydrochloride, z-(+-)- but more generally known as pirmenol hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 65501. european medicines agency schedules pirmenol hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03874mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pirmenol hydrochloride under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, pirmenol hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pirmenol hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2825679 and nci concept code c81547. smiles: c[c@@h]1ccc[c@@h](n1ccc[c@@](c2ccccc2)(c3ccccn3)o)c.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. flecainide monoacetate. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c17h20f6n2o3.c2h4o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier m8u465q1wq, chemically known as benzamide, n-(2-piperidinylmethyl)-2,5-bis(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)-, monoacetate, but more generally known as flecainide monoacetate, which bears us nih compound identifier 41022. european medicines agency schedules flecainide monoacetate or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07637mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule flecainide monoacetate under hs 29333999. smiles: cc(=o)o.c1cc(c(cc1occ(f)(f)f)c(=o)ncc2ccccn2)occ(f)(f)f.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. lorcainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h27cln2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) kgj2t0n7iq, chemically known as r 15,889 but more generally known as lorcainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 42884. european medicines agency schedules lorcainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08584mig. the term lorcainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 32, no 10 1978, list 18). world health organization schedules lorcainide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. lorcainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule lorcainide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, lorcainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. lorcainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0065183 and nci concept code c83894. smiles: clc1ccc(n(c2ccn(cc2)c(c)c)c(=o)cc2ccccc2)cc1.. "
"antiarrythmic piperidines. this classification a family of hexahydropyridines that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic piperidines.. lorcainide hydrochloride. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h27cln2o.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 1t1s98onm1, chemically known as benzeneacetamide, n-(4-chlorophenyl)-n-(1-(1-methylethyl)-4-piperidinyl)-, monohydrochloride but more generally known as lorcainide hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 42883. european medicines agency schedules lorcainide hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub02973mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule lorcainide hydrochloride under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, lorcainide hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. lorcainide hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1881445 and nci concept code c66034. smiles: cc(c)n1ccc(cc1)n(c2ccc(cc2)cl)c(=o)cc3ccccc3.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic purines.. . "
"antiarrythmic purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic purines.. adenosine. this classification denotes a nucleoside with the molecular formula c10h13n5o4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) k72t3fs567, chemically known as 9h-purin-6-amine, 9-beta-d-xylofuranosyl- (9ci) but more generally known as adenosine, which bears us nih compound identifier 191. adenosine comes in many forms, including arabinose, arabinoside-5-phosphate, cyclic 3,5-phosphate, dialdehyde, diphosphate, diphosphoglucose, diphosphopyridoxal, diphosphoribose, diphosphoric acid, monophosphofluoridate, oxide, phosphate, phosphonoacetic acid, phosphosulfate, sulfatophosphate, tetraphosphate, tetraphosphate pyridoxal, thiamine triphosphate, and triphosphate. european medicines agency schedules adenosine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00297mig. world health organization schedules adenosine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. adenosine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule adenosine under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, adenosine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. adenosine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0001443 and nci concept code c207. smiles: c1=nc2=c(c(=n1)n)n=cn2c3c(c(c(o3)co)o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic purines.. adenosine diphosphate. this classification denotes a nucleoside c10h15n5o10p2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 61d2g4iyvh, chemically known as adenosine, 5-(trihydrogen pyrophosphate), but more generally known as adenosine diphosphate, which bears us nih compound identifier 6022. european medicines agency schedules adenosine diphosphate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12740mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule adenosine diphosphate under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, adenosine diphosphate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: c1nc(c2c(n1)n(cn2)[c@h]3[c@@h]([c@@h]([c@h](o3)cop(=o)(o)op(=o)(o)o)o)o)n.. "
"antiarrythmic purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic purines.. adenosine phosphate. this classification denotes an aprt gene, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 415shh325a. european medicines agency schedules adenosine phosphate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05267mig. adenosine phosphate generally arises in the molecular formula c10h14n5o7p. the term adenosine phosphate is an international non-proprietary name or inn. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule adenosine phosphate under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, adenosine phosphate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. adenosine phosphate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0001413 and nci concept code c83606. smiles: c1nc(c2c(n1)n(cn2)[c@h]3[c@@h]([c@@h]([c@h](o3)cop(=o)(o)o)o)o)n.. "
"antiarrythmic purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic purines.. adenosine triphosphate. this classification denotes a nucleotide with the molecular formula c10h16n5o13p3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 8l70q75fxe. european medicines agency schedules adenosine triphosphate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12741mig. the term adenosine triphosphate is an international nomenclature of cosmetic ingredients designation. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule adenosine triphosphate under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, adenosine triphosphate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. adenosine triphosphate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0001480 and nci concept code c209. smiles: c1nc(c2c(n1)n(cn2)[c@h]3[c@@h]([c@@h]([c@h](o3)cop(=o)(o)op(=o)(o)op(=o)(o)o)o)o)n.. "
"antiarrythmic pyridines. this classification denotes substances based on a family of hexahydropyridines, substances called pyridines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic pyridines.. . "
"antiarrythmic pyridines. this classification denotes substances based on a family of hexahydropyridines, substances called pyridines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic pyridines.. barucainide. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h30n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 14nfl30yoh, chemically known as 4-((1,3-dihydro-6-methyl-4-benzylfuro(3,4-c)pyridin-7-yl)oxy)-n-isopropylbutylamine monohydrochloride but more generally known as barucainide, which bears us nih compound identifier 146794. european medicines agency schedules barucainide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06106mig. the term barucainide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 39, no. 5, 1985, list 25). barucainide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule barucainide under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, barucainide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. barucainide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0052988 and nci concept code c72575. smiles: cl.o1cc2c(c1)c(nc(c2occccnc(c)c)c)cc1ccccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic pyridines. this classification denotes substances based on a family of hexahydropyridines, substances called pyridines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic pyridines.. disopyramide. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h29n3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) gfo928u8mq, chemically known as 2-pyridineacetamide, alpha-(2-(diisopropylamino)ethyl)-alpha-phenyl- but more generally known as disopyramide, which bears us nih compound identifier 3114. european medicines agency schedules disopyramide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07237mig. the term disopyramide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 19 1975, list 5). world health organization schedules disopyramide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. disopyramide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule disopyramide under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, disopyramide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. disopyramide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0012702 and nci concept code c61730. smiles: o=c(n)c(ccn(c(c)c)c(c)c)(c1ccccc1)c1ncccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic pyridines. this classification denotes substances based on a family of hexahydropyridines, substances called pyridines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic pyridines.. pyrinoline. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c27h20n4o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 14pec3levh, chemically known as 2-pyridinemethanol, alpha-(3-(di-2-pyridinylmethylene)-1,4-cyclopentadien-1-yl)-alpha-2-pyridinyl but more generally known as pyrinoline, which bears us nih compound identifier 3052765. european medicines agency schedules pyrinoline in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10171mig. the term pyrinoline is an international non-proprietary name. pyrinoline is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pyrinoline under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, pyrinoline remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pyrinoline bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2347720 and nci concept code c72583. smiles: oc(c1=c/c(=c(/c2ncccc2)c2ncccc2)c=c1)(c1ncccc1)c1ncccc1.. "
"antiarrythmic quinolines. this classification denotes aromatic heterocyclic structures based on c9h7n, substances called quinolines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic quinolines.. . "
"antiarrythmic quinolines. this classification denotes aromatic heterocyclic structures based on c9h7n, substances called quinolines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic quinolines.. quinacainol. this classification denotes an antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c21h30n2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 5ox8977ngo, chemically known as 4-quinolinemethanol, 2-(1,1-dimethylethyl)-alpha-(2-(4-piperidinyl)ethyl)- but more generally known as quinacainol, which bears us nih compound identifier 55464. european medicines agency schedules quinacainol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10197mig. the term quinacainol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 38, no. 6, 1984, list 24). quinacainol is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule quinacainol under hs 29334990 and sitc 51575. as of q4 2014, quinacainol remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. quinacainol bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0071172 and nci concept code c82229. smiles: oc(ccc1ccncc1)c1cc(nc2c1cccc2)c(c)(c)c.. "
"antiarrythmic quinolines. this classification denotes aromatic heterocyclic structures based on c9h7n, substances called quinolines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic quinolines.. quinidine. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antimalarial agent with the molecular formula c20h24n2o2.c6h12o7, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) r6875n380f, chemically known as quinidine, d-gluconate (salt) but more generally known as quinidine gluconate, which bears us nih compound identifier 64642. european medicines agency schedules quinidine gluconate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub04170mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule quinidine under hs 29392000 and sitc 54142. as of q4 2014, quinidine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. quinidine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0034414 and nci concept code c793. smiles: oc(c1n2cc(c(c1)cc2)c=c)c1c2c(ncc1)ccc(oc)c2.oc(c(o)c(o)c(=o)o)c(o)co.. "
"antiarrythmic quinolines. this classification denotes aromatic heterocyclic structures based on c9h7n, substances called quinolines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic quinolines.. quinidine bisulfate. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antimalarial agent with the molecular formula c20h24n2o2.h2o4s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 6k043q65tr, chemically known as 8alpha,9r-6-methoxycinchonan-9-ol, sulfate (1:1) salt but more generally known as quinidine bisulfate, which bears us nih compound identifier 11069. european medicines agency schedules quinidine bisulfate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub15078mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule quinidine bisulfate under hs 29392000 and sitc 54142. as of q4 2014, quinidine bisulfate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: coc1ccc2c(c1)c(ccn2)[c@@h]([c@h]3c[c@@h]4cc[n@]3c[c@@h]4c=c)o.os(=o)(=o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic quinolines. this classification denotes aromatic heterocyclic structures based on c9h7n, substances called quinolines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic quinolines.. quinidine gluconate. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antimalarial agent with the molecular formula c20h24n2o2.c6h12o7, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier r6875n380f, chemically known as quinidine, d-gluconate (salt) but more generally known as quinidine gluconate, which bears us nih compound identifier 64642. european medicines agency schedules quinidine gluconate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub04170mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule quinidine gluconate under hs 29392000 and sitc 54142. as of q4 2014, quinidine gluconate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. quinidine gluconate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0072869 and nci concept code c48015. smiles: coc1ccc2c(c1)c(ccn2)[c@@h]([c@h]3c[c@@h]4cc[n@]3c[c@@h]4c=c)o.c([c@h]([c@h]([c@@h]([c@h](c(=o)o)o)o)o)o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic quinolines. this classification denotes aromatic heterocyclic structures based on c9h7n, substances called quinolines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic quinolines.. quinidine hydrochloride. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antimalarial agent with the molecular formula c20h24n2o2.clh.h2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier s4p5v5597b, chemically known as quinidine, monohydrochloride but more generally known as quinidine hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 15474. european medicines agency schedules quinidine hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub15079mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule quinidine hydrochloride under hs 29392000 and sitc 54142. as of q4 2014, quinidine hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: coc1ccc2c(c1)c(ccn2)[c@@h]([c@h]3c[c@@h]4cc[n@]3c[c@@h]4c=c)o.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic quinolines. this classification denotes aromatic heterocyclic structures based on c9h7n, substances called quinolines, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic quinolines.. quinidine sulfate. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antimalarial agent with the molecular formula 2c20h24n2o2.2h2o.h2o4s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier j13s2394he, chemically known as quinidine sulfate, (2:1) (salt) but more generally known as quinidine sulfate, which bears us nih compound identifier 5768. european medicines agency schedules quinidine sulfate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub15082mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule quinidine sulfate under hs 29392000 and sitc 54142. as of q4 2014, quinidine sulfate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. quinidine sulfate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1564021 and nci concept code c48014. smiles: coc1ccc2c(c1)c(ccn2)[c@@h]([c@h]3c[c@@h]4cc[n@]3c[c@@h]4c=c)o.coc1ccc2c(c1)c(ccn2)[c@@h]([c@h]3c[c@@h]4cc[n@]3c[c@@h]4c=c)o.o.o.os(=o)(=o)o.. "
"antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides. this classification denotes c(23)-steroids with methyl groups at c-10 and c-13 and a five-membered c-17 lactone, substances chemically called cardenolides, many of which constitute cardiac glycosides -- or cyclopentanophenanthrenes that adhere to the aforesaid structure but also bind sugars at position 3 - and that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides.. . "
"antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides. this classification denotes c(23)-steroids with methyl groups at c-10 and c-13 and a five-membered c-17 lactone, substances chemically called cardenolides, many of which constitute cardiac glycosides -- or cyclopentanophenanthrenes that adhere to the aforesaid structure but also bind sugars at position 3 - and that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides.. acetyldigoxin. this classification denotes a digoxin, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier p7k44m64cw. european medicines agency schedules acetyldigoxin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12718mig. acetyldigoxin generally arises in the molecular formula c43h66o15. the term acetyldigoxin is a european pharmacopoeia designation. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(oc(=o)c)c(o)c6)c)c(o)c5)c)c(o)c3)c)cc4)c)cc(o)c1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides. this classification denotes c(23)-steroids with methyl groups at c-10 and c-13 and a five-membered c-17 lactone, substances chemically called cardenolides, many of which constitute cardiac glycosides -- or cyclopentanophenanthrenes that adhere to the aforesaid structure but also bind sugars at position 3 - and that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides.. cymarin. this classification denotes an anti-arrhythmia agent and cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c30h44o9, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier uk3ls8435e, chemically known as 5-beta-card-20(22)-enolide, 3-beta-(beta-d-cymarosyloxy)-5,14-dihydroxy-19-oxo- but more generally known as cymarin, which bears us nih compound identifier 10504. world health organization schedules cymarin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. as of q4 2014, cymarin remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: cc1c(c(cc(o1)oc2ccc3(c4ccc5(c(ccc5(c4ccc3(c2)o)o)c6=cc(=o)oc6)c)c=o)oc)o.. "
"antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides. this classification denotes c(23)-steroids with methyl groups at c-10 and c-13 and a five-membered c-17 lactone, substances chemically called cardenolides, many of which constitute cardiac glycosides -- or cyclopentanophenanthrenes that adhere to the aforesaid structure but also bind sugars at position 3 - and that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides.. digitoxin. this classification denotes an enzyme inhibitor and cardiotonic agent with the molecular formula c41h64o13, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) e90nzp2l9u, chemically known as purodigin, crystalline but more generally known as digitoxin, which bears us nih compound identifier 3061. european medicines agency schedules digitoxin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07133mig. the term digitoxin is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules digitoxin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. digitoxin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule digitoxin under hs 29389010 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, digitoxin remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. digitoxin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0012258 and nci concept code c2634. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(o)c(o)c6)c)c(o)c5)c)c(o)c3)c)cc4)c)ccc1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides. this classification denotes c(23)-steroids with methyl groups at c-10 and c-13 and a five-membered c-17 lactone, substances chemically called cardenolides, many of which constitute cardiac glycosides -- or cyclopentanophenanthrenes that adhere to the aforesaid structure but also bind sugars at position 3 - and that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides.. digoxin. this classification denotes a saponin and cardiotonic agent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 73k4184t59. european medicines agency schedules digoxin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07135mig. digoxin generally arises in the molecular formula c41h64o14. the term digoxin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 13, no. 12, 1959, list 3.) digoxin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule digoxin under hs 29389010 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, digoxin remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. digoxin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0012265 and nci concept code c28990. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(o)c(o)c6)c)c(o)c5)c)c(o)c3)c)cc4)c)cc(o)c1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides. this classification denotes c(23)-steroids with methyl groups at c-10 and c-13 and a five-membered c-17 lactone, substances chemically called cardenolides, many of which constitute cardiac glycosides -- or cyclopentanophenanthrenes that adhere to the aforesaid structure but also bind sugars at position 3 - and that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic cardiac glycosides or cardenolides.. metildigoxin. this classification denotes an anti-arrhythmia agent, cardiotonic agent, and enzyme inhibitor with the molecular formula c42h66o14, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) i7gg1yuc5v, chemically known as digoxin, 4-o-methyl- but more generally known as metildigoxin, which bears us nih compound identifier 35418. european medicines agency schedules metildigoxin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08887mig. world health organization schedules metildigoxin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. metildigoxin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule metildigoxin under hs 29389010 and sitc 54161. as of q4 2014, metildigoxin remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: oc12c3c(c4(c(cc3)cc(oc3oc(c(oc5oc(c(oc6oc(c(oc)c(o)c6)c)c(o)c5)c)c(o)c3)c)cc4)c)cc(o)c1(c(cc2)c1=cc(=o)oc1)c.. "
"antiarrythmic sulfur compounds. this classification denotes made from or based in part on inorganic or organic compounds that contain sulfur as an integral part of their molecule, substances called sulfur compounds, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic sulfur compounds.. . "
"antiarrythmic sulfur compounds. this classification denotes made from or based in part on inorganic or organic compounds that contain sulfur as an integral part of their molecule, substances called sulfur compounds, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic sulfur compounds.. moracizine or moricizine. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c22h25n3o4s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2gt1d0tmx1, chemically known as phenothiazine-2-carbamic acid, 10-(3-morpholinopropionyl)-, ethyl ester but more generally known as moracizine, which bears us nih compound identifier 34633. european medicines agency schedules moracizine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09062mig. the term moracizine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 25 , no. 10 1971, list 11). world health organization schedules moracizine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. moracizine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. as of q4 2014, moricizine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. moricizine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0079856 and nci concept code c66196. smiles: ccoc(=o)nc1=cc2=c(c=c1)sc3=cc=cc=c3n2c(=o)ccn4ccocc4.cl.. "
"antiarrythmic sulfur compounds. this classification denotes made from or based in part on inorganic or organic compounds that contain sulfur as an integral part of their molecule, substances called sulfur compounds, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic sulfur compounds.. clamikalant. this classification denotes a cation channel blocker and antiarrhythmic agent with the molecular formula c19h22cln3o5s2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 94301k998r. the term clamikalant is an international non-proprietary name or inn. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule clamikalant under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, clamikalant remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. clamikalant bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2699336 and nci concept code c77831. smiles: cnc(=s)ns(=o)(=o)c1=c(c=cc(=c1)ccnc(=o)c2=c(c=cc(=c2)cl)oc)oc.. "
"antiarrythmic sulfur compounds. this classification denotes made from or based in part on inorganic or organic compounds that contain sulfur as an integral part of their molecule, substances called sulfur compounds, that prevent or treat irregular heartbeat, disturbances of normal rhythmic heart beating, or normal operation of myocardial contraction, thus the term antiarrythmic sulfur compounds.. glimepiride. this classification denotes an anti-diabetic agent with the molecular formula c24h34n4o5s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 6ky687524k, chemically known as 3-ethyl-n,n-bis(3-ethyl-4-methyl-2-oxo-5h-pyrrol-2-yl)-4-methyl-2-oxo-5h-pyrrole-1-carboxamide but more generally known as glimepiride, which bears us nih compound identifier 3476. european medicines agency schedules glimepiride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07925mig. the term glimepiride is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 39, no. 5, 1985, list 25). world health organization schedules glimepiride in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. glimepiride is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule glimepiride under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, glimepiride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. glimepiride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0061323 and nci concept code c29073. smiles: s(=o)(=o)(nc(=o)nc1ccc(cc1)c)c1ccc(ccnc(=o)n2cc(=c(c2=o)cc)c)cc1.. "
