"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. . "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. automated attendant systems. a device which answers callers with a digital recording and allows caller to route themselves to an extension through touch tone input in response to a voice prompt. example: \"if you know the extension of your party, enter it now\u2026\". "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. automatic call distributor acd. a feature on a pbx or centrex, or as a stand alone unit on user premises to distribute large amounts of incoming calls to a group of attendants or agents on a controlled and managed basis. a device that allows the testing of different numbers of agents and trunks. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telecom announcers. a device that enables a call management system to place a series of announcements so that users will hear specific announcements, such as date-and time-specific messages. a digital recorder that stores audio messages for answer only applications.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. premise branch exchange pbx systems. a private telephone branch exchange switch used by medium and large companies. the switch is connected to the local public telephone network and performs in house routing and switching. central switching office.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. standalone telephone caller identification. a device that allows subscribers to view the phone number and/or name of the calling party before answering the phone. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. teleconferencing console. a device permitting more than two people to be linked by telecommunications through a conference bridge. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. autodialers. electronic machine that is programmed with telephone numbers that can be dialed sequentially until a voice is detected. a device which allows the user to dial pre-programmed telephone numbers by pushing one or two buttons.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone busy lamp fields. an attendant console peripheral that enables an attendant to track the status of all stations from a lighted panel or series of lamps. a device with rows of tiny lights that show which phones in a telephone system have conversations on them, which phones are rining and which phones are on hold. each light corresponds to a telephone extension on the system.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone call accounting systems. a complete system usually consisting of a computer, a magnetic storage device (floppy or hard disk), software and some mechanical method of attaching itself to a telephone system. the process of accumulating data on individual calls or of reporting that data.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone call diverter or forwarder. an ancillary device which is connected to a telephone line. the device will, when the called telephone rings, initiate a telephone call on another line to a different telephone number. a device that intercepts calls to a number and connects them to an operator or prerecorded message, or will initiate or re-direct a telephone call to a different telephone number. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone call sequencers. a piece of equipment which attaches to a key system or a pbx to direct incoming calls to the next available person to answer that phone.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone dial backup units. units that provide redundant telephone dial systems. a device that allows automatic and/or manual switched backup in the event of a dedicated line failure.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone line sharing devices. device that enables a single telephone line to be shared by more than one phone.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone line status monitors. device which provides a visual indication on an ects telephone of the idle, busy, ringing or held state for each line appearing on the telephone.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephony equipment service observing units. a device that enables supervisors to monitor and communicate silently to customer service staff or telemarketing representatives without disrupting the activity.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephony equipment toll restrictors. equipment inserted in an outgoing dial trunk that restricts calls to forbidden or unauthorized codes.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. voice mail systems. an automatic answering service with the ability to record and replay messages. unlike simple answering machines, voice mail uses a programmable computer system with options such as temporary call routing, monitoring, and reporting. refers to e-mail or mobile network systems that support audio. users can leave spoken messages or listen to messages by executing commands in the e-mail system.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. interactive voice recognition equipment. this platform is a telecommunications network component that is capable of setting up a voice dialog with a subscriber of the telecommunication network involved and to direct the subscriber to a requested service.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telecommunications remote access unit. a piece of computer hardware allowing a user outside the pbx to access the pbx by dialing it over a normal phone line.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. teleconference equipment. equipment used in hosting and serving teleconferencing capabilities through a conference bridge... "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. music or message on hold player. an audio storage device used with a telephone system to play music or recorded messages to callers on hold.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. music on hold adapter. an interface adapter that allows the player to connect to a phone or phone system that does not have a music on hold connector.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. intercom systems. equipment used for communicating voice messages using a dedicated infrastructure. an internal communication system which allows the user to dial another phone within the building. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. telephone entry systems. the commodity is used for telephones to answer your door from any phone in your home. a push of the doorbell sends a distinctive ring to the existing phones, letting you know someone has arrived at the door. the telephone entry system includes relays for automatic unlocking and whole house paging to create a complete integrated access control system.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. wire tapping protector. a type of device that is installed to prevent any act of attempt to obtain the information illegally by connecting to the communication line directly and indirectly or sense the wireless frequency.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. supervisory signal unit. a device to monitor the motion of switchboard by mount on the console of the switching system.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. call meter. a device to record the number of phone calls by the telephone subscribers.. "
"call management systems or accessories. also referred to as call accounting; a system or software that provides for call tracking, and analysis for voice.. switch board signal device. a device to generate various signal required for switch board, such as call signal, dial tone, ringing tone, calling tone and others for ringing a bell.. "
"digital subscriber loop dsl access equipment and components and accessories. asymmetric dsl or adsl equipment such as transceivers, routers, switches used for digital subscriber lines.. . "
"digital subscriber loop dsl access equipment and components and accessories. asymmetric dsl or adsl equipment such as transceivers, routers, switches used for digital subscriber lines.. digital subscriber loop dsl captive office plain old telephone system pots splitter. it is used in a telco captive office to integrate voice and data into a twisted pair (pots line). "
"digital subscriber loop dsl access equipment and components and accessories. asymmetric dsl or adsl equipment such as transceivers, routers, switches used for digital subscriber lines.. digital subscriber loop dsl captive office splitter shelf. the shelf houses the dsl captive office splitter card. "
"digital subscriber loop dsl access equipment and components and accessories. asymmetric dsl or adsl equipment such as transceivers, routers, switches used for digital subscriber lines.. digital subscriber loop dsl customer premise equipment cpe plain old telephone system pots splitter. it is a digital subscriber loop device to utilize dsl technology for voice and data use from the same pots line. "
"digital subscriber loop dsl access equipment and components and accessories. asymmetric dsl or adsl equipment such as transceivers, routers, switches used for digital subscriber lines.. digital subscriber loop or line xdsl equipment. high transmission speed equipment involved in handling all types of digital subscriber lines, the two main categories being adsl and sdsl. two other types of xdsl technologies are high-data-rate dsl (hdsl) and very high dsl (vdsl). transmission speeds can be up to 32 mbps for upstream traffic, and from 32 kbps to over 1 mbps for downstream traffic.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. . "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. television core equipment. television core equipment manage signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. television access equipment. television access equipment receive and transmit signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. television antennas. an antenna is a specialized transducer that converts radio-frequency (rf) fields into alternating current (ac) or vice-versa, in this case for transmitting television frequencies. there are two basic types: the receiving antenna, which intercepts rf energy and delivers ac to electronic equipment, and the transmitting antenna, which is fed with ac from electronic equipment and generates an rf field. television antennas are directional antennas and receive signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. radio core equipment. radio core equipment manage signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. radio access equipment. radio access equipment receive and transmit signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. radio antennas. an antenna is a specialized transducer that converts radio-frequency (rf) fields into alternating current (ac) or vice-versa, in this case for transmitting radio frequencies. there are two basic types: the receiving antenna, which intercepts rf energy and delivers ac to electronic equipment, and the transmitting antenna, which is fed with ac from electronic equipment and generates an rf field. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. microwave core equipment. microwave core equipment manage signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. microwave access equipment. microwave access equipment receive and transmit signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. microwave antennas. an antenna is a specialized transducer that converts radio-frequency (rf) fields into alternating current (ac) or vice-versa, in this case for transmitting microwave, or high end frequencies. there are two basic types: the receiving antenna, which intercepts rf energy and delivers ac to electronic equipment, and the transmitting antenna, which is fed with ac from electronic equipment and generates an rf field. microwave antennas offer point to point and point to multipoint microwave communication which operate in the uhf,ehf and shf frequency bands.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. satellite core equipment. satellite core equipment manage signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. satellite access equipment. satellite access equipment receive and transmit signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. satellite antennas. an antenna is a specialized transducer that converts radio-frequency (rf) fields into alternating current (ac) or vice-versa, in this case for transmitting radar or low end rf frequencies. there are two basic types: the receiving antenna, which intercepts rf energy and delivers ac to electronic equipment, and the transmitting antenna, which is fed with ac from electronic equipment and generates an rf field./ satellite antennas are used on the ground to transmit signals to the satellite and to receive signals from the satellite.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. shortwave core equipment. shortwave core equipment manage signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. shortwave access equipment. shortwave access equipment receive and transmit signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. shortwave antennas. an shortwave antenna is a specialized transducer that converts radio-frequency (rf) fields into alternating current (ac) or vice-versa, in this case for transmitting shortwave rf frequencies.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. pager core equipment. pager core equipment manage signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. pager access equipment. pager access equipment receive and transmit signals in the vhf,uhf or vhf/uhf range.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. radar antennas. an antenna is a specialized transducer that converts radio-frequency (rf) fields into alternating current (ac) or vice-versa, in this case for transmitting radar or low end rf frequencies. there are two basic types: the receiving antenna, which intercepts rf energy and delivers ac to electronic equipment, and the transmitting antenna, which is fed with ac from electronic equipment and generates an rf field. radar antennas operate in the uhf part of the radio frequency spectrum and is used to detect the position and/or movement of objects.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. aircraft antennas. sends or receives aircraft signals.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. automotive antennas. automotive antennas are also called power antennas as they automatically rise when the radio is turned on and lower when it is shut off. some cars had the antenna wires imbedded in the windshield.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. radio frequency data communication equipment. radio frequency data communication equipment use radio frequency to carry data between the devices in a communication network which are the data communication equipment(dce) and data terminal equipment(dte).. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. global positioning system gps antenna. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. cellular antenna. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. time synchronized generator. equipment which uses the 1pps --1 pulse per second-- received from global positioning system that it is the equipment supplying the precise time and frequency synchronized with the global standard time.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. signal divider. a device that distributes the radio frequency signal, such as television signal, frequency modulation signal and others equally within the antenna.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. reflector for antenna. a conductor bar or conductor plate that has shape of bar-type, net-type, flat-type, or paraboloid surface. it is used in the event of reaching farther distance or increasing the sensitivity of reception input by intensifying the energy that is to be radiated from the antenna to the relative direction.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. antenna accessory. an accessory that is installed to attach or manage the antenna.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. radome or radar dome. a device that surrounds the antenna to protect the antenna from the climate while enabling the wireless frequency energy to pass through it as much as possible.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. portable antenna. an antenna that is made for easy to carry.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. wired telecommunications transmitter. a type of device that delivers or receives the information to the desired area by using the wire communication line. wireless transmitter or receiver that uses the wireless frequency is excluded.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. underwater communication system. a complete set of communication equipments specially manufactured to enable the two-way communication under water.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. speaker control unit. a device to select or control the speaker located in an area to send to the group or region to be conveyed of broadcasting contents.. "
"fixed network equipment and components. equipment for transferring terrestrial data and frequencies.. remote automatic meter reading system. a system that undertakes automatically from remote distance for the meter inspection on electricity, water, gas, hot water, heat meter and others within each individual home or business unit by using the public switched telephone network pstn, wireless frequency, power line and others.. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. . "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. optical amplifiers. an optical or ir repeater that amplifies a modulated laser beam directly, without opto-electronic and electro-optical conversion. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. optical network or communication filters. a component that enables increasing or targeting the optical signal as it travels between destinations. optical devices use to transmit a select range of light frequency, or to separate ranges of light frequencies in optical communication circuits. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. optical adapters. adapters that enable very high-speed data communication between servers and downstream network devices like switches and routers. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. optical networking lasers. a device which produces a single frequency light. it transmits optical pulses of light that creates the transmission of the voice and data packets through fiber. the laser generation portion of the optical networking components making up the transmission unit.. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. asynchronous transfer mode atm network equipment. equipment designed to deliver long haul internet traffic over the amt.. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. synchronous optical network sonet network equipment. equipment designed to deliver long haul internet traffic over the sonet.. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. telecommunications dense wavelength division multiplexing dwdm filters. a filter used in conjunction with dense wavelength division multiplexing. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. synchronous digital hierarchy sdh telecom equipment. equipment that enables synchronous digital hierarchy (sdh) and synchronous optical network (sonet) refer to a group of fiber-optic transmission rates that can transport digital signals with different capacities.. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. optical transmitter. a type of device that uses the optical signal to deliver information to the desired area.. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. optical multiplexer. a type of device that converts and transmits the electric signal, such as multiplexing and demultiplexing for return signal of optical communication, detection of synchronizing signal, generation of synchronization clock, photoelectric transformation and others into optical transmission signal.. "
"optical network devices. devices used to amplify an optical signal without converting the signal from optical to electrical and back again to optical energy.. optical switch. a type of device that is designed to switch the optical path by inserted in the optical fiber.. "
"network security equipment. equipment for securing networks.. . "
"network security equipment. equipment for securing networks.. firewall network security equipment. provides a buffer between any connected public networks and a private network. a firewall router uses access lists and other methods to ensure the security of the private network.. "
"network security equipment. equipment for securing networks.. vpn network security equipment. equipment that enable virtual private networks (vpns) to use advanced encryption and tunneling to permit organizations to establish secure, end-to-end, private network connections over third-party networks, such as the internet or extranets.. "
"network security equipment. equipment for securing networks.. vulnerability assessment security equipment. "
"network security equipment. equipment for securing networks.. radio jamming transmitter. a transmission device that interferes to mix with the different frequency without the purpose of reception when certain frequency is received.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. . "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. cable head end equipment. a cable head-end is the facility at a local cable tv office that originates and communicates cable tv services and cable modem services to subscribers. in distributing cable television services, the head-end includes a satellite dish antenna for receiving incoming programming.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. content delivery networking equipment. content caching networking solutions take advantage of ip infrastructure to provide enhanced scalability and help ensure high levels of content availability and security while enabling faster web responses. content networking equipment guarantees efficient delivery of high-bandwidth files, and decrease network congestion.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network gateway. in the ip community, an older term referring to a routing device. today, the term router is used to describe nodes that perform this function, and gateway refers to a special-purpose device that performs an application-layer conversion of information from one protocol stack to another. devices that perform application layer conversion from one protocol stack to another and devices used to connect voice-over-internet protocol (voip) and dial access solutions to the public switched telephone network (pstn).. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. internet service node startup kits. a bundle of equipment and documentation to provide a user the ability to get their network up and running.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. cache engine equipment. a network device designed to store copies of internet pages in flash memory.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network repeaters. device that regenerates and propagates electrical signals between two network segments - section of a network that is bounded by bridges, routers, or switches. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network routers. network layer device that uses one or more metrics to determine the optimal path along which network traffic should be forwarded. routers forward packets from one network to another based upon network layer information. also known as a bridge.a network device that forwards packets to their destinations along an optimal path that is determined by using layer 3 information.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network service concentrators or hubs. hardware device that contains multiple independent but connected modules of network and internetwork equipment. can be active (where they repeat signals sent through them) or passive (where they do not repeat, but merely split, signals sent through them). in ethernet and ieee 802.3, an ethernet multiport repeater. can be synonymous to a hub.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network channel or data service units. a csu or dsu (channel service unit or data service unit) these are hardware devices about the size of an external modem that converts a digital data frame from the communications technology used on a local area network (lan) into a frame appropriate to a wide-area network (wan) and vice versa. equipment used to connect a digital phone line (t-1 or switched 56 line) coming in from the phone company to either a multiplexer, channel bank or directly to another device producing a digital signal.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network switches. network device that filters, forwards, and floods frames based on the destination address of each frame. the switch operates at the data link layer of the osi model.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. storage area network san switch. a storage area network (san) is a high-speed special-purpose network (or subnetwork) that interconnects different kinds of data storage devices with associated data servers on behalf of a larger network of users. typically, a storage area network is part of the overall network of computing resources for an enterprise. a storage area network is usually clustered in close proximity to other computing resources but may also extend to remote locations for backup and archival storage, using wide area network carrier technologies.sans support disk mirroring, backup and restore, archival and retrieval of archived data, data migration from one storage device to another, and the sharing of data among different servers in a network. sans can incorporate subnetworks with network-attached storage (nas) systems. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. video networking equipment. video networking equipment provides a powerful, high-performance video head-end solution that receives audio and video streams from any satellite, terrestrial, or wireless source.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. multiservice switch. a switch that provides multiple capabilities. for example, an ip+atm multiservice switch provides advanced ip and atm capabilities, and a multiservice wan switch supports wan data, voice, and video applications. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. content switch. content switch intelligently switches and balances traffic load across multiple servers. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. server load balancer. provides balance between the multiple input requests to two or more servers to balance the load and maintain maximum system response time to the user.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. digital cross connects dcx equipment. connects synchronous ports at all switching levels - includes dacs in the us.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. optical cross connects equipment. fitted to network hardware to perform cross connections bewteen all kinds of pleiochronous and sychronous port at all switching levels. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. access servers. communications processor that connects asynchronous devices to a lan or wan through network and terminal emulation software. performs both synchronous and asynchronous routing of supported protocols. sometimes called a network access server.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. cable modems. a cable modem is a device that enables you to hook up your pc to a local cable tv line and receive data at about 1.5 mbps. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. integrated services digital network isdn access devices. a client device providing isdn digital transmission over ordinary telephone copper wire as well as over other media. isdn requires adapters at both ends of the transmission so your access provider also needs an isdn adapter. equipment used to adapt integrated services digital network (isdn) basic rate interface (bri) channels to existing terminal equipment standards such as eia-232 and v.35. a terminal adaptor is typically packaged like a modem, either as a stand-alone unit or as an interface card that plugs into a computer or other communications equipment (such as a router or pbx).a terminal adaptor does not interoperate with a modem; it replaces it.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. modems. a modem modulates outgoing digital signals from a computer or other digital device to analog signals for a conventional copper twisted pair telephone line and demodulates the incoming analog signal and converts it to a digital signal for the digital device. an electronic device for converting between serial data from a computer and an audio signal suitable for transmission over telephone lines. in one scheme the audio signal is composed of silence (no data) or one of two frequencies representing 0 and 1.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. modem banks. modem banks are a set of modems through which a connection to a network resource can be established through a point to point protocol(ppp) especially by computers which are not physically connected to a network. a bundle of modems combined together for consolidated management.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. multistation access units. in a token ring network, a device to attach multiple network stations in a star topology, internally wired to connect the stations into a logical ring. the mau contains relays to short out nonoperating stations. multiple maus can be connected into a larger ring through their ring in/ring outconnectors.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. wireless fidelity base stations wifi. the base station, with an ethernet rj-45 port, can be connected to the internet via digital subscriber line (dsl) or cable modem. this commodity includes a base station that connects a wireless system to a wired land-based system. wireless access points are connected to an ethernet hub or server and transmit a radio frequency over an area of several hundred to a thousand feet which can penetrate walls and other non-metal barriers. the central radio transmitter/receiver that maintains communications with mobile radiotelephone sets within a wireless cell. 802.11, or ieee 092.11, is a type of radio technology used for wireless local area networks (wlans). wi-fi, 802.11 is composed of several standards operating in different radio frequencies.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. broadband aggregators. a high-performance, scalable service gateway that enables the selection and delivery of broadband network services, virtual private networks (vpns), and voice- and entertainment-driven traffic over the full suite of access media. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. remote management adapters. remote management adapters are installed in personal computers or various network devices and allow management of pc or network devices remotely through computer network.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network management or monitoring device. devices that allow to manage and/or monitor devices in a network or perform analysis of network status.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network equipment upgrade kit. a set of components/modules/software for a network device intended for the device functionality upgrade.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network application engine. application engines are network appliances designed for providing customers with high-performance access to applications, storage, and content.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. gigabyte passive optical network gpon. a network technology based on passive optical nets (pon). it makes possible data transfer rates of up to 2.5 gigabytes in both directions: downstream and upstream.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. managed lease line network mlln equipment. the mlln is an integrated, fully managed, multi-service digital network platform through which service provider can offer a wide range of services at an optimal cost to business subscribers.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. internet protocol ip multimedia subsystem hardware. hardware concerning ims which is an integrated network for telecommunications carriers that uses the ip protocol as its foundation for packetized voice, video and data. the ip multimedia subsystem (ims) is designed to interface with the pstn and provide traditional telephony services such as 800 numbers, caller id and local number portability.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. wireless access point. a device enabling two-way service of wireless data by connecting wired and wireless networks, which helps a user use high-speed internet and intranet services.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. internet protocol sharing device. a device used to make it possible for computers to use internet at the same time by using one ip or internet protocol. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. routing switcher. a device which sends the signal for multi channel to multi-channel and multi-channel to single channel for the multi-relay of broadcasting and communication.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. cable network tester. a testing device that is manufactured for the inspection of functions or properties of the electric cable for power transmission or communication.. "
"network service equipment. equipment, software, and services for transferring data in a network across standards based protocols. network traffic controller. equipment that supports the limited resources to efficiently use by applying the data compression, traffic and bandwidth management technology from the network communication.. "
"telegraph equipment. equipment used in a system employing the interruption of, or change in, the polarity of dc current signaling to convey coded information. . "
"telegraph equipment. equipment used in a system employing the interruption of, or change in, the polarity of dc current signaling to convey coded information. telegraph keys. a component of a telegraph system that originally consisted of two pieces of brass or copper which could be pressed together to complete the electrical circuit or allowed to spring apart using their natural \"springiness\" to break the circuit. as people developed the need to send messages more rapidly, the designs of keys changed and the evolution of these different designs of telegraph keys is the focus of my telegraph museum exhibits.. "
"telegraph equipment. equipment used in a system employing the interruption of, or change in, the polarity of dc current signaling to convey coded information. telegraph electromagnets. a component of a telegraph system that consisted of a coil of from 50 to several hundred turns of insulated wire wrapped around an iron core. it pulled on a piece of iron whenever an electric current was passed through it. these devices first caused marks to be made on a paper tape and then, when it was discovered that people could decipher the noises that they made by ear, they developed into the electromagnetically operated \"sounders\" used from the 1850s to the 1950s. "
"telegraph equipment. equipment used in a system employing the interruption of, or change in, the polarity of dc current signaling to convey coded information. telegraph sounders. a component of a telegraph system that could recognize the different sounds made by the register as dots and dashes. this device used an electromagnet to pull on a piece of iron and make a clicking sound. when the electromagnet pulled on the iron, it made a more solid and heavy sounding click and when it released the iron, it made a thinner and lighter sounding click. operators learned to discriminate between these two sounds and to use this ability to tell whether they were hearing a dot or a dash.. "
"telegraph equipment. equipment used in a system employing the interruption of, or change in, the polarity of dc current signaling to convey coded information. telegraph switch board. the principle is the same as the general switch board, but it is designed to possess the unique service function for operating the telegraphic circuit.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. . "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. broadband or narrowband digital cross connect dcx equipment. equipment used in a specialized type of high-speed data channel switch, that can accept specific line connect instructions that are independent of any calls that may flow over the system. these commands may be automate or manually input. cross connect equipment specific to broadband, or wideband.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. circuit switchboard equipment. mechanical, electrical, or electronic equipment which opens or closes telephone circuits, completes or breaks an electrical path, or selects paths or circuits within the telephone system.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. digital loop carrier dlcs. digital loop carrier (dlc) is equipment that bundles a number of individual phone line signals into a single multiplexed digital signal for local traffic between a telephone company central office and a business complex or other outlying service area. typically, up to 24 analog voice calls are combined into a single signal and transmitted over a single copper t-carrier system or e-carrier line, an optical fiber cable, or a wireless connection. in a home, business, or other installation using digital loop carrier, the analog phone lines of individual users are connected to a local dlc box which then converts the analog signals into digital and combines (multiplexes) them into one signal that it sent to the phone companys central office on the single line. at the central office, the combined signal is separated back into the original signals. an estimated 20% of todays telephone users are being served by digital loop carriers.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. private branch exchange pbx equipment. a pbx (private branch exchange) is a telephone system within an enterprise that switches calls between enterprise users on local lines while allowing all users to share a certain number of external phone lines. the main purpose of a pbx is to save the cost of requiring a line for each user to the telephone companys central office. the pbx is owned and operated by the enterprise rather than the telephone company (which may be a supplier or service provider, however). private branch exchanges used analog technology originally. today, pbxs use digital technology (digital signals are converted to analog for outside calls on the local loop using plain old telephone service).. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. punch down block. a type of electrical connection often used in telephony. it is named because the solid copper wires are \"punched down\" into short open-ended slots which are a type of insulation-displacement connectors. these slots, usually cut crosswise (not lengthwise) across an insulating plastic bar, contain two sharp metal blades which cut through the wires insulation as it is punched down. these blades hold the wire in position and make the electrical contact with the wire as well.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telephony equipment alarm units. a system that provides remote alarm to monitor telephony network capabilities, such as ones used to monitor air pressure cable systems.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telephone switchboard part kits. a kit containing of a collection of switchboard weights, dial mountings, switchboard lamp covers, switchboard plugs, switchboards cords and like used with telephone switchboard.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telecommunication equipment installation or modification kits. a collection of items as mounting hardware, racks, workbenches, adapter cables, interconnect cables and electrical/electronic ancillary equipment (adapting facilities, interface equipment), as are required for installation, mounting and operation of telephone or telegraph equipment. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telecommunication terminal units. telecommunication terminal units or egis - secure digital voice terminal:a secure digital voice terminal (sdvt) is a four-wire non-secure/secure telephone set that transmits and receives digital voice and loop signaling information at 16 or 32 kb/s rates. the sdvt is a secure telephone that has embedded exportable encryption module capability that supports non-secure and secure (non-encrypted/encrypted) operations for telephony applications. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telephony keyers. telephony keyers or egis - keyer: an item that by electrical, electronic, and/or mechanical means automatically opens and closes a control circuit or circuits of another item in a predetermined manner. excludes keyer:frequency shift and modulator:radio transmitter for telephony applications. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telecommunication repeaters. this commodity refers to receive, to amplify through current induction, and to retransmit automatically, a coded signal at an intermediate point in a long line.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telephone distributing terminal frame. a mounting frame which has one or more fanning type terminal boards and is the terminating point for telephone lines.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. port connection panels. a panel with many ports, used when more computers or peripheral devices have to be connected.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. voice echo cancellers. electronic equipment which is bolted onto a switched network to eliminate voice echo.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. time division multiplexer tdm. a device that uses time-division multiplexing (tdm). this is a method of putting multiple data streams in a single signal by separating the signal into many segments, each having a very short duration. each individual data stream is reassembled at the receiving end based on the timing. optical technology and equipment which manages data frames in a series of time slots. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. wave division mulitplexer wdm. wdm (wavelength division multiplexing), in which several baseband-modulated channels are transmitted along a single fiber but with each channel located at a different wavelength. each of n different wavelength lasers is operating at the slower gbps speeds, but the aggregate system is transmitting at n times the individual laser speed, providing a significant capacity enhancement. the wdm channels are separated in wavelength to avoid cross-talk when they are (de)multiplexed by a non-ideal optical fiber. the wavelengths can be individually routed through a network or individually recovered by wavelength-selective components. wdm allows us to use much of the fiber bandwidth, although various device, system, and network issues will limit the utilization of the full fiber bandwidth. note that each wdm channel may contain a set of even slower time-multiplexed channels. (definition - http://www.rad.com/). "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. aerial cable rollers. aerial cable roller is a cylindrical hardware fitted at the base of the cable puller, used for pulling the aerial cable without damaging it.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. telephone modification kits. an item or items employed to modify telephone equipment.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. carrier terminal. an integrated body of various devices that uses the same circuit to array a number of call lines by modulation and demodulation in sequence for signal current from each caller from the cable carrier telephony undertaken several independent communications to transmit or receive.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. multiplexer or mux. a type of device that may transmit and receive independent signal with a number of individuals by dividing a line or transmission line by using the multiplexing technology.. "
"telephony equipment. telecommunications equipment that supports telephone operations. frequency division multiplexer. an electronic device or system that a device that selects one of several analog or digital input signals and forwards the selected input into a single line. the transmission medium is divided into channels divided into different frequency bands, and each information signal is converted into a transmission wave of the corresponding frequency band and transmitted.. "
"telephony equipment accessories. accessories that assist in the management and capabilities of telephony equipment.. . "
"telephony equipment accessories. accessories that assist in the management and capabilities of telephony equipment.. line conditioners. equipment used by a telephone company to reduce envelope delay, noise, and amplitude distortion over a traditional dial-up telephone line.. "
"telephony equipment accessories. accessories that assist in the management and capabilities of telephony equipment.. telephony cable air dryers. equipment used to force air into pipes at a constant rate in air pressurized cable system.. "
"telephony equipment accessories. accessories that assist in the management and capabilities of telephony equipment.. telecommunication tower or support. a structure erected in several layers or high and sharp building improvement for communication.. "
"teletype equipment. the teletype (tty) was instrumental in setting the telecommunications standard for the information processing industry. messages were punched on paper tape and run during a real-time telephone line connection with the receiving teletype unit.. . "
"teletype equipment. the teletype (tty) was instrumental in setting the telecommunications standard for the information processing industry. messages were punched on paper tape and run during a real-time telephone line connection with the receiving teletype unit.. teletype input devices. a teletypewriter (tty) is an input device that allows alphanumeric character to be typed in and sent, usually one at a time as they are typed, to a computer or a printer. teletype mode is the capability of a keyboard, computer, application, printer. also known as teletypewriter;. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. . "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. 2g gsm mobile core network equipment and components. gsm network nodes like msc/vlr, hlr/ac, signalling gateway, eir, interception gateway including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. 2g gsm wireless access network equipment and components. second generation, global system for mobile telecommunications network nodes like bscu, trau, bts, including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. 2,5g gprs mobile core network equipment and components. general packet radio service network nodes like 2.5g sgsn, 2.5g ggsn, 2.5g border gateway including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. 2,5g gprs wireless access network equipment and components. general packet radio service network nodes like pcu including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. 3g umts mobile core network equipment and components. universal mobile telecommunctions systems network nodes like 3g sgsn, 3g ggsn, 3g border gateway, signalling gateway, charging gateway, 3g msc/vlr; 3g hlr/ac including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. 3g umts wireless access network equipment and components. universal mobile telecommunctions systems network nodes like nodeb, rnc including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. wlan mobile core network equipment and components. wireless lan network nodes like switches, routers including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. wlan wireless access network equipment and components. wireless lan network nodes like access point including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. in ssp switching equipment. intelligent network (in) nodes like service switching point (ssp) including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. in mobile core equipment. intelligent network (in) nodes like service creation point (scp), service execution point (se), online charging server (ocs) including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. oss mobile core network equipment and components. network nodes like operation ans maintenance center (omc) to operate core network elements for switch and data traffic including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. oss wireless access network equipment and components. network nodes like operation ans maintenance center (omc) to operate radio access network equipment including related software, services and spares. "
"digital mobile network infrastructure equipment and components. equipment and related software and related services to enable mobile communication (speech and data) on basis of gsm technology.. gsm umt lan antenna. global system for mobile telecommunications gsm/umts/wlan antennas to transmit and receive mobile data and speech traffic and tower mounted amplifiers (tma), feeders, repeater. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. . "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. voice messaging portal. this platform is a telecommunications network component that is capable of setting up a voice dialog with a subscriber of the telecommunication network involved and to direct the subscriber to a requested service.. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. short message service center. this platform is a telecommunications network component that is capable of sending and receiving short messages within a mobile network. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. multimedia service center. this platform is capable of storing electronic data in various formats. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. unified messaging platform. this platform is a combination of a telecommunications network component and an it network component that is capable of receiving, storing and forwarding messages (voice, text and/or graphics) to various devices (pc, fax, voicemail) that are part of the networks involved. a unified message can be created and forwarded by the user of the network involved.. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. instant messaging platform. this platform is a telecommunications network component that is capable of managing the presence awareness of a user. it basically shows if the user is online, offline, away, in a call etc.. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. wireless internet gateway. wap gateway (wireless application protocol); this platform ia a telecommuncations network component that is capable of sending and receiving data in wap format to mobile devices that make use of the wap bearer.. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. video streaming system. this platform is a combination of a telecommunications network component and an it network component capable of sending a video in parts to a user where the user is able to start viewing the video before the complete video data is downloaded. the video data can be retrieved and stored by the subscriber of the telecommunication network involved.. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. mobile or messaging game platform. a combination of telecommunications network - and it network components that is capable of providing entertainment applications to subscribers (bundle of hw,sw, service). "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. location based messaging service platforms. a special platform which enables an operator to locate subscriber by mobile internal data and offer a special content for this region (e.g. events in the city, cinema, etc.); bundle of hw, sw, service. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. micropayment messaging systems. a special platform that enables subscribers to e- commerce transactions of very low value (bundle of hw, sw, service). "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. paging controllers. provide voice-paging connection between a telephone system and one zone paging/background music system. it also interfaces a pbx system or with a key system using central office line position.. "
"mobile messaging platforms. equipment, devices, software and accessories used to communicate wireless data to mobile devices such as mobile phones, pdas and pagers.. paging terminals. provide commercial paging service within a metropolitan region. the equipment, called a paging terminal, has the ability to answer calls seeking to make the page, decodes or records the message, certifies the paging customer\u2019s validity, encodes the message to the correct format for the customer\u2019s pager, and manages the page through the radio transmission network. the paging terminal then provides appropriate information to the billing system.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. . "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. datacom cross connect system and accessories. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. datacom label. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. datacom patch cord. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. network cable management panel assembly. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. network system cabinet or enclosure. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. network system cabling box. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. network system equipment rack. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment. patch panel. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic connector. the terminal of a fiber strand that is used to connect it to another strand of fiber.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic attenuator. device that reduces signal power in fiber optic links by inducing a fixed or variable loss.it is used to control the power level of optical signals at the outputs of light sources and electrical-to-optical converters.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic cable stripper. device to safely and efficently remove the outside jacket from optical fiber cables.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic crimper. mechanical tool used to reduce fiber optical connections and insure connectivity.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic polishing fixture. a fixture for holding fiber optic ferrules to enable polishing of the optical fiber ends.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic tool blade set. a set of blades used for the stripping and conforming of a fiber optic strand.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic scribe. a tool used to scribe a fiber optic strand so it can be manipulated.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic buffer remover. a tool used to remove the protective coating from fiber optic strands.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic emitter. a fiber optic connector that emits the optical beam to the next connection.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic detector. a fiber optic connector that detects the optical beam from the previous connection.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic continuity tester. a tool that confirms the continous condition of the optical element in a fiber optic strand.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic connector clip. a fiber optic connector clippositions the fiber optic connectors so that the connectors can only be inserted into a corresponding number of receiving connectors in one way.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic support grip. an device designed to reduce stress on fragile fiber optic cables in vertical or sloping runs.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic adapter. fiber optic cable to cable connector.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic polishing film. a film used to enhance the quality of fiber optic connections in assemblies.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic swab. a tool used for cleaning fiber optic connections.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic patch cord. a cord used for linking the equipment and components in a fiber optic network.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic fault locator. a hardware and software tool used to find breaks or faults in a fiber optic line.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic patch panel. a wiring device used to terminate, protect and organize the fiber optic cables and optical fibers in fiber optic communication networks.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic light source. a fiber optic test equipment to measure the fiber optic loss for all types of fiber optic cables.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic connector assembly tool. a tool that performs multiple operations associated with the assembly of fiber optic cables.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic insert. a dry component of a fiber optic cable that lies alongside the filament to protect it.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic tool kit. a set of tools used for various connection and repair operations on fiber optic cables.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic scope eyepiece. eyepiece containing the lense and light for a fiber optic scope.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic tool and die set. a collection of tools and dies used for fiber optic cable shaping and conditioning operations.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic music wire. a length of piano or other type musical instrument wire used to save a fiber optic connector when the cable has broken inside the ferrule.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic scope adapter. a portable fiber optical scope that can be attached to a camera or other electronic device.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic enclosure. a specialized container used to organize fiber optic cables. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic connection closure. a commodity that is used for direct connection of the optical cables, divergence of the optical cables and protection of the connected parts.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic distribution box. a type of device that is connected to the optical fiber cable, optical termination equipment or optical transmission device. and this device is structured with the optical adaptor board, distributor or optical fiber splice plate to enable the connection and switching between the systems and be equipped with optical attenuator.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  fiber optic fusion splicer. a machine that has the physical fusion splice for two disconnected part on the optical cable line.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  combiner. a device that combines a multiple number of transmission signals to transmit in one transmission path without impedance change.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  waveguide and connection kit. a metal pipe that has hollow middle part that conveys the electric signal or electric energy that has the frequency of microwave or higher, and it is the joint filler and related goods for connection.. "
"datacom and network connectivity installation devices and equipment.  network punchdown tool. a small hand tool used by telecommunications and network technicians to install or terminate wiring for telephone, data and audio networks.. "
