"aerobic training equipment. . "
"aerobic training equipment. treadmills. "
"aerobic training equipment. stair climbers. "
"aerobic training equipment. stationary bicycles. "
"aerobic training equipment. rowing machines. "
"aerobic training equipment. jump ropes. "
"aerobic training equipment. exercise trampolines. "
"aerobic training equipment. exercise balls. "
"aerobic training equipment. step aerobic equipment. "
"aerobic training equipment. cross trainers. "
"aerobic training equipment.  inversion machine. an apparatus for stretching the body.feet are placed on the foot rest and the head and the back are put on the table of the machine, and the ankles are tightened properly and the bodyis hung upside down.. "
"aerobic training equipment.  wall bars. an apparatus installed with several posts and bars connected across the posts.used for gymnastics such as vertical movement, pushing out the chest, etc.. "
"aerobic training equipment.  body twister. an apparatus for exercise installed with a rotating circular platform on which a person stands and holds grips on both sides, and turns the body left and right.. "
"aerobic training equipment.  traveling ping set. an exercise device to work on exercise for balancing sense and others by rotating the can after the can is fixed with the person entering into the sphere-shaped can with hands and legs stretched out.. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. . "
"weight and resistance training equipment. dumbbells. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. barbells. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. lower body resistance machines. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. weight benches or racks. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. upper body resistance machines. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. fitness weights. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. pilates machines. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. grip strengthener. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. resistance bands. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. resistance tubes. "
"weight and resistance training equipment. multi gyms. "
"weight and resistance training equipment.  training weight. an artificial weight that increases the weight of arm, leg, chest and others voluntarily for improving the function for muscular exercise of a person.. "
