"crowd control equipment. . "
"crowd control equipment. barricades. "
"crowd control equipment. riot helmets. "
"crowd control equipment. riot shields. "
"crowd control equipment. body armour. "
"crowd control equipment. barriers. "
"crowd control equipment. riot batons. "
"crowd control equipment. queuing control system. "
"crowd control equipment.  helmet, bullet proof. a helmet made with a bullet resistant material. "
"crowd control equipment.  vehicle mounted ballistic shield. ballistic shields are shields designed to stop or deflect bullets fired at their carrier.. "
"security and control equipment. . "
"security and control equipment. handcuffs. "
"security and control equipment. night sticks. "
"security and control equipment.  alcohol analyzers. a device used to measure or estimate blood alchohol content (bac).. "
"security and control equipment.  weapon or explosives detectors and supplies. supplies include other items associated with weapons and explosives detectors.. "
"security and control equipment. narcotic test kits. "
"security and control equipment. security lanyards. "
"security and control equipment. bomb protection devices and supplies. "
"security and control equipment.  identification card discriminator. a device that determines the genuineness or spuriousness on identification card or inquires the personal information.. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. . "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint applicators or brushes. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint ink. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint ink removers. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint or palmprint ink rollers. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint latent print kits. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint lifters. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. forensic magnifiers. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint marking pens. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint powders. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. footprint lifters. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. forensic chemical workstations. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. forensic latent print chemicals. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. evidence drying cabinets. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories. fingerprint equipment. "
"forensic equipment and supplies and accessories.  lie detector. a type of device that is used in investigation of a case. it is used to find out if a statement or answer of a person is false or not by measuring the physiological change arising in accordance with the emotional condition or psychological condition of the person.. "
"explosives control equipment and accessories and supplies. includes equipment and supplies involved in the detection, handling, protection and control of concealed bombs, charges and other related explosive devices by law enforcement and other domestic security authorities. . "
"explosives control equipment and accessories and supplies. includes equipment and supplies involved in the detection, handling, protection and control of concealed bombs, charges and other related explosive devices by law enforcement and other domestic security authorities. blast guard container. a special type of reinforced container combining a high strength outer steel shell with an inner compressive layer for the safe disposal of explosive devices. \u00a0the compressive layer is designed to absorb the major blast energy and resist fragmentation. the outer shell restrains any remaining lateral blast energy and fragmentation. residual blast energy is vented upwards away from the public, keeping the receptacle unpenetrated.\u00a0\u00a0. "
"explosives control equipment and accessories and supplies. includes equipment and supplies involved in the detection, handling, protection and control of concealed bombs, charges and other related explosive devices by law enforcement and other domestic security authorities. armored weapons storage container. blast and bullet proof container for the safe-keeping of weapons and armor.. "
"chemical biological control equipment and accessories and supplies. includes equipment and supplies involved in the detection, handling, protection and decontamination of chemical and biological agents and related devices by law enforcement and other civil anti-terror authorities. . "
"chemical biological control equipment and accessories and supplies. includes equipment and supplies involved in the detection, handling, protection and decontamination of chemical and biological agents and related devices by law enforcement and other civil anti-terror authorities. chemical biological decontamination trailer. mobile unit mounted on wheels especially equipped for removing chemical and biological contaminants from people and equipment.. "
