"industrial refrigerators. . "
"industrial refrigerators. combined refrigerator freezers. "
"industrial refrigerators. liquid nitrogen refrigerators. "
"industrial refrigerators. walk in refrigerators. "
"industrial refrigerators. refrigerated containers. "
"industrial refrigerators. refrigerated vessels. "
"industrial refrigerators. refrigerated tanks. "
"industrial refrigerators.  blast chiller. a unit capable of blast chilling goods or commodities to a prescribed temperature. "
"industrial refrigerators.  cabinet refrigerator. an upright cabinet designed for the storage of goods or product above 0 degrees centigrade.. "
"industrial refrigerators.  under counter refrigerator. a low undercounter height cabinet for the storage of frozen product.. "
"industrial refrigerators.  counter refrigerator. a work height counter refrigeration unit with one to 4 doors for the storage of product above 0 degrees centigrade.. "
"industrial refrigerators.  bakery cabinet refrigerator. cabinet refrigerator designed specifically to accommodate bakery size trays and store goods or commodities above 0 degrees centigrade.. "
"industrial refrigerators.  refrigerated counter preparation station. a work height counter refrigeration unit with one to 4 doors capable of storing product above 0 degrees centigrade together with chilled food pans on the counter top. used in the makeup of sandwiches and pizza under temperature controlled conditions.. "
"industrial refrigerators.  refrigerant. a refrigerant is a compound used in a heat cycle that undergoes a phase change from a gas to a liquid and back. the two main uses of refrigerants are refrigerators/freezers and air conditioners.. "
"industrial refrigerators.  precooling and cold storage unit. storage unit for precooling, which is processing of cooling of products to prescribed temperature prior to refrigeration or freezing in order to maintain freshness after harvesting fruits or vegetables.. "
"industrial refrigerators.  pharmaceutical refrigerator and freezer. refrigerator, single or combined, and refrigeration system designed specifically for vaccines and other pharmaceuticals. "
"industrial refrigerators.  cold storage room. a temperature-controlled room able to chill, freeze and store any perishable product. used in agricultural applications such as preservation of seeds and fish.. "
"industrial freezers. . "
"industrial freezers. chest freezers. "
"industrial freezers.  upright cabinet freezer. an upright cabinet for the storage of frozen products. "
"industrial freezers. low temperature freezers. "
"industrial freezers. freeze drying equipment. "
"industrial freezers. walk in freezers. "
"industrial freezers. plate freezers. "
"industrial freezers. blast freezers. "
"industrial freezers.  bakery cabinet freezer. cabinet freezer designed specifically to accommodate bakery size trays.. "
"industrial freezers.  under counter cabinet freezer. a low height undercounter cabinet for the storage of frozen product.. "
"industrial freezers.  counter cabinet freezer. a work height counter with one to 4 doors for the storage of frozen product. "
"ice makers. . "
"ice makers. ice cube makers. "
"ice makers. ice block makers. "
"ice makers.  ice flake maker. machine used to produce flaked ice for use in packing or food display. produces a flake of ice not a cube.. "
