"vehicle maintenance and repair services. . "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services. vehicle body repair or painting service. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services. transmission repair. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services. oil or transmission fluid change service. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services. vehicle inspection service. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services. vehicle glass replacement service. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services. automotive and light truck maintenance and repair. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services. heavy truck maintenance and repair. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services.  rail car inspection and maintenance service. service to inspect, maintain and repair railcars and verify they are in proper working order prior to usage. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services.  vehicle lighting system maintenance service. service that provides preventive and corrective maintenance on the lighting system of a vehicle. "
"vehicle maintenance and repair services.  vehicle license plate installation service. vehicle license plates installation service. "
"panel and paint services. . "
"panel and paint services. panelbeating service. "
"transport fueling and vehicle storage and support services. . "
"transport fueling and vehicle storage and support services. vehicle fueling service. "
"transport fueling and vehicle storage and support services. transportation storage service. "
"transport fueling and vehicle storage and support services. vehicle parking service. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. . "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing landing and nose gear system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the undercarriage of aircraft that supports the aircraft and is used in taxi, takeoff and landing. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing wheel and braking system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the wheels and brakes of an aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing lighting system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to lighting systems on an aircraft, including both interior and exterior lighting. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing cockpit and passenger cabin pressurization system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the oxygen and pressurization systems of an aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing air conditioning system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the air cooling systems of an aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing structural health monitoring system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to systems that track the onset and progress of airframe structural damage. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing potable water and waste repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft equipment and systems that include collection and disposal of potable water and lavatory waste. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing fire protection equipment repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to systems installed on aircraft to detect and protect against an outbreak of fire.. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing moisture and ice build up protection system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to all systems controlling moisture and ice buildup on aircraft surfaces and components. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing pneumatic system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the vacuum pressure systems of an aircraft that power various aircraft systems including instruments,  a/c, etc.. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing hydraulic power repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft systems that power landing gear, flaps and other flight control systems. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing electric power generator drive repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to systems supplying constant frequency ac electrical power to an aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing instrument repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft flight equipment responsible for measuring and controlling  speed, altitude, weather etc.. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing navigation system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to systems that control piloting an aircraft from place to place as well as monitoring aircraft location & position. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing autopilot system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft autopilot systems that fly a programmed course or approach. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing communication system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft voice communication systems including radio and voice recorders. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing fuel system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft systems which pump, manage and deliver fuel to the propulsion system and apu. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing nitrogen generation system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft systems  required to fill the void in a fuel tank with nitrogen, to prevent combustion.. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing auxiliary power unit apu repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to self contained gas turbine engine that supplies auxiliary power source to the aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing engine power plant repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the parts of the engine that include cylinders, pistons and fans that help produce the energy to propel the aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing engine fuel and control system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to units that control fuel to the aircraft engine. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing oil storage distribution and indicator repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft units and components external to the engine concerned with storing and delivering lubrication oil to and from engine. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing engine ignition system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to units and components which generate, control, furnish or distribute an electrical current to ignite the fuel air mixture in the aircraft engines. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing fuel system indicator repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the aircraft system which indicates flow rate, temperature and pressure of the fuel. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing engine turbine repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the section of the aircraft engine extracting energy from fuel and converting it to power. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing engine exhaust system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to aircraft units and components which direct the engine exhaust gases overboard, including thrust reverser.. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing engine teardown service. services associated with the disassembly of an aircraft engine. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing engine wash service. specialized services related to the process of aircraft engine cleaning resulting in lower exhaust gas temperatures and reduced fuel demand. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing airframe repair. services associated with the maintenance of and repairs to the external metal structure of the  aircraft including wings, tail and fuselage; includes aerodynamic fairings.. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing fuselage and window repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the central structure of the aircraft to which the wings, engines and tail are attached;  includes all window repairs. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing external door repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the aircraft external doors. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing nacelle and pylon repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the outer casing that houses and carries aircraft engines. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing airframe heavy maintenance service. services associated with the cyclical major overhaul of airframes. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing coating and painting service. services associated with the exterior multi-step process to apply coating for the protection and appearance of the aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. airframe fixed wing teardown service. services associated with the disassembly of an aircraft. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. structurally damaged fixed wing aircraft repair. specialized services associated with the structural repairs to an aircraft as a result of collision, birdstrikes or weather-related catastrophic events. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing furnishing and interior repair. services related to the repairs of and maintenance to internal aircraft equipment not part of original equipment including passenger seats & trays, carpet, internal doors, galleys, etc.. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing cabin entertainment system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to inflight entertainment systems. "
"fixed wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of fixed wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft fixed wing flap stabilizer rudder and wing repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the structures of the aircraft responsible for stabilizing and controlling the position and direction of the aircraft. "
"rotary wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of rotary wing aircraft of all kinds. . "
"rotary wing aircraft maintenance and repair services. services spanning inspection, maintenance and repair, including overhaul of rotary wing aircraft of all kinds. aircraft rotary wing wheel and braking system repair. services related to the maintenance of and repairs to the wheels and brakes of a rotary wing aircraft. "
"water transport vessel maintenance and repair services. . "
"water transport vessel maintenance and repair services. inland water vessel salvage and refloating service. "
"water transport vessel maintenance and repair services. coastal and transoceanic water vessel salvage and refloating service. "
