"capacitors. . "
"capacitors. fixed capacitors. "
"capacitors. variable capacitors or varactors. "
"capacitors. adjustable pre set capacitors. "
"capacitors. capacitor networks. "
"capacitors. aluminum electrolytic fixed capacitor. "
"capacitors. ceramic fixed capacitor. "
"capacitors. film fixed capacitor. "
"capacitors. tantalum fixed capacitor. "
"capacitors.  air capacitor. a capacitor that uses the air as the dielectric substance.. "
"capacitors.  gas capacitor. a capacitor that uses the gas as the dielectric substance.. "
"capacitors.  oil capacitor. a capacitor that uses the oil as the dielectric substance. this device enables for consecutive change for capacitance by mechanical method that the capacity value is adjusted.. "
"capacitors.  mica capacitor. a capacitor that has thin plate reproduced in natural condition of mica plate or mica piece as the dielectric body.. "
"capacitors.  vacuum capacitor. a capacitor that uses the vacuum condition as the dielectric substance.. "
"capacitors.  paper capacitor. a capacitor that uses the paper as the dielectric substance.. "
"capacitors.  metallized paper capacitor. a capacitor that is the dielectric made in paper, plastic or a combination of paper and plastic. this capacitor is coated with the metal membrane on top.. "
"resistors. . "
"resistors. fusistors. "
"resistors. variable resistors or varistors. "
"resistors. resistor networks. "
"resistors. fixed resistors. "
"resistors.  thermistor. a type of resistor used to measure temperature changes, relying on the change in resistance with changing temperature.. "
"resistors.  restrictor plate or air restrictor. a device installed at the intake of an engine to limit its power.. "
"resistors. surface mount resistor. "
"resistors. wirewound resistor. "
"resistors. metal film oxide resistor. "
"resistors. carbon film resistor. "
"resistors. trimmer resistor. "
"resistors. power resistor. "
"resistors.  metal film resistor. a resistor that uses the metal membrane made by deposition of nickel, chrome alloy and others on the magnetic plate of alumina as the resistance element.. "
"discrete components. . "
"discrete components. rectifiers. "
"discrete components. inductors. "
"discrete components. ferrites. "
"discrete components. static converters. "
"discrete components. inverters. "
"discrete components. resistor or capacitor r/c networks. "
"discrete components.  silicon controlled rectifier. a four-layer solid state device that controls current.. "
"discrete components.  bridge rectifier. an arrangement of four diodes in a bridge configuration that provides the same polarity of output voltage for either polarity of input voltage.. "
"discrete components. wirewound inductor. "
"discrete components.  multilayer inductor. a type of inductor consisting of a layered coil, wound multiple times around the core. as a result of the multiple layers and the insulation between them, multi-layer inductors have a high inductance level.. "
"discrete components. choke inductor. "
"discrete components.  high frequency coil. a coil that is used in the high frequency circuit of electronic device, mainly in radio and television receiver and others.. "
"signal filters. electronic circuits intended to remove signal noise or to enhance certain signal components. . "
"signal filters. electronic circuits intended to remove signal noise or to enhance certain signal components. surface acoustic wave saw filter. "
"signal filters. electronic circuits intended to remove signal noise or to enhance certain signal components. ceramic filter. "
"signal filters. electronic circuits intended to remove signal noise or to enhance certain signal components. microwave filter. "
"signal filters. electronic circuits intended to remove signal noise or to enhance certain signal components. crystal filter. a filter that uses the crystal resonator as the resonance circuit element.. "
"resonators. electronic frequency control devices. . "
"resonators. electronic frequency control devices. surface acoustic wave saw resonator. surface acoustic wave frequency control devices. "
"resonators. electronic frequency control devices. ceramic resonator. "
