"agreements. negotiated and typically legally binding arrangements between parties as to a course of action.. . "
"agreements. negotiated and typically legally binding arrangements between parties as to a course of action.. basic agreement. a written instrument of understanding, negotiated between parties that\u00a0contains contract clauses applying to future contracts between the parties during its term and \u00a0contemplates separate future contracts that will incorporate by reference or attachment the required and applicable clauses agreed upon in the basic agreement. a basic agreement is not a contract.. "
"agreements. negotiated and typically legally binding arrangements between parties as to a course of action.. basic ordering agreement. a written instrument of understanding, negotiated between parties, that contains terms and clauses applying to future contracts --orders-- between the parties during its term, \u00a0a description, as specific as practicable, of supplies or services to be provided, and \u00a0methods for pricing, issuing, and delivering future orders under the basic ordering agreement. a basic ordering agreement is not a contract.. "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. . "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. fixed price contract. a type of contract that specifies a firm price or, in appropriate cases, an adjustable price for the purchase of goods or services. fixed-price contracts providing for an adjustable price may include a ceiling price, a target price including target cost, or both. unless otherwise specified in the contract, the ceiling price or target price is subject to adjustment only by operation of contract clauses providing for equitable adjustment or other revision of the contract price under stated circumstances.. "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. cost reimbursement contract. a type of contract that provides for payment of allowable incurred costs, to the extent prescribed in the contract. these contracts establish an estimate of total cost for the purpose of obligating funds and establishing a ceiling that the contractee may not exceed,  except at its own risk, without the approval of the contracting parties. "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. incentive contract. a type of contract used when a fixed-price contract is not appropriate and the required supplies or services can be acquired at lower costs and, in certain instances, with improved delivery or technical performance, by relating the amount of profit or fee payable under the contract to the contractor\u2019s performance.. "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. indefinite delivery contract. a type of contract used to acquire goods and/or services when the exact times and/or exact quantities of future deliveries are not known at the time of contract award.  there are three types of indefinite delivery contracts: definite-quantity contracts, requirements contracts, and indefinite-quantity contracts.. "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. time and materials contract. a type of contract used for acquiring supplies or services on the basis of direct labor hours at specified fixed hourly rates that include wages, overhead, general and administrative expenses, and profit; and actual cost for materials.. "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. labor hour contract. a type of contract is a variation of the time and materials contract, differing only in that materials are not supplied by the contractor.. "
"contracts. written or spoken agreements, mostly concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that are intended to be enforceable by law. letter contract. a type of contract that is a written preliminary contractual instrument that authorizes the contractor to begin immediately manufacturing supplies or performing services.. "
