"traffic control. . "
"traffic control. airport signaling systems. "
"traffic control. railway signaling systems. "
"traffic control. marine signaling systems. "
"traffic control. traffic signals. "
"traffic control. parking meters. "
"traffic control. snow or ice melter. "
"traffic control. barrier tapes or chains. "
"traffic control. traffic cones or delineators. "
"traffic control. speed stoppers. "
"traffic control. gate barrier systems. "
"traffic control.  traffic beacon. a mobile or fixed sign that is used as a reference mark to indicate or warn about dangerous places, deviations or stops in the traffic. it usually has powerful lights that flash intermittently. alias: beacon signal.. "
"traffic control.  traffic chain. a chain that is hung on several poles to indicate to the cars the correct way. it is used when there is a long distance to the sign.. "
"traffic control.  traffic safety fence. a traffic safety structure used to guide vehicles and pedestrians while repairing road.. "
"traffic control.  cats eye road stud. a facility that is installed on the road surface for seeking the flawless flow and traffic safety by clearly inducing the views of operators at night and in rain as the lines on the road surface is supplements as the road auxiliary unit.. "
"traffic control.  crash cushion. a type of device that undertakes the role of a buffer by absorbing the shock for the purpose of minimizing the disaster with lessening of the impact force received from the direct collision to the road facilities during the vehicle operation.. "
"traffic control.  license plate recognition system. a type of device that reads the vehicle number automatically by the camera filming the plate number of the vehicle that passes the vehicle detector.. "
"traffic control.  lane dividing rail. a road safety facility which is built for securing the safety and inducement of views of driver by installing it to the place impossible for installation of the central separator, guard rail or protective wall by the space restriction in place where there are substantial risk of traffic accident.. "
"traffic control.  traffic control channelizer drum. a drum-shape traffic safety facility which is used for traffic control or inducement during the road construction work.. "
"traffic control.  traffic lane tape. a traffic lane that is manufactured for the tape-type to be attached to or removed from the asphalt or concrete floor.. "
"traffic control.  variable message sign. a system with traffic information electronic sign board which is designed to express the traffic information arising in real time for moving picture, graphic, characters, and others by installing it on intersections and roads.. "
"traffic control.  parking lot entry exit warning light. a warning lamp that is installed for the purpose of preventing the collision with the vehicle that enters into the entrance by igniting the red signal light when the vehicle comes out by installed on the entrance area of parking lots.. "
"traffic control.  parking lot proximity warning light. a lamp which is designed to make smooth vehicle operation and prevent accidents by operating the rotational warning light and the buzzer to warn vehicles and pedestrians in advance if there is any vehicle entering into the parking lot.. "
"traffic control.  parking lot snow melter. a type of device that is designed as the snow removal and anti-icer by installing it below the entry slope to the parking lot, outdoor parking lot entrance, road surface and others with the cable that coats the heat wire with the insulation material, metal, polyvinyl chloride and others.. "
"traffic control.  traffic flow analyzer. a type of device that surveys the directions, kinds, volumes, changes in time and others of cars and people passing the cross section, artery road and others.. "
"traffic control.  vehicle detection loop coil. a detector that is designed to detect the conversion signal with the change of high frequency inductance that is formed on the coil part as the vehicle enters on top of the loop coil by sending the constant high frequency magnetic signal current with the burial on the road surface.. "
"traffic control.  pedestrian sensor. a type of device that enables the number of pedestrians or direction flow to sense as it is installed on the cross road where the passage of the pedestrian is very busy.. "
"traffic control.  traffic flow sensor. a type of device that measures the number of passing vehicles and their speed and others automatically with the electric signals after the vehicles stepping on and passing on as it is installed on major roads and intersections.. "
"traffic control.  airport warning light. a light facility that is helpful for navigation or hazard indication that may hinder for airport facilities or other navigation activities.. "
"traffic control.  voice guide device for blind person. a device that is designed to provide the information as installed in a place where a visually disabled person approaches the first when using the facilities of public buildings, subway stations, bus stations and others.. "
"traffic control.  parking barrier gate. a control device which progresses or stops a vehicle with the arm in bar-shape pulled up or pulled down as it is installed on the entrance and exit of the parking lot.. "
"traffic control.  traffic safety mirror. a mirror which is installed in severely curved road to see and reflect the vehicle approached from any blind spot.. "
"traffic control.  retracting or moveable traffic bollard. device used on public spaces to allow only authorised vehicles to pass through. "
"traffic control.  fixed traffic bollard. device used on public spaces to block passage of any vehicle. "
"traffic control.  vehicle parking concave plate. a reusable plate used to provide surface traction, particularly in parking lots to prevent tires from slipping when parking or leaving.. "
"water safety. . "
"water safety. rope float lines. "
"water safety. life rings. "
"water safety. pool alarms. "
"water safety. life vests or preservers. "
"water safety.  life buoy. a buoy that has the circular shape which is used as purported for waiting for the rescue with the troubled people in water to holding on.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. . "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. descending life line. an evacuation device used in case of fire or other emergencies. it is connected to the ring of the supporting pole and activated by the weight of the escaper.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. rescue air bag. equipment that uses the force of air when lifting up heavy object or widening the narrow gap from the building collapse, vehicle accident and others.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. safety air mat. rescue equipment that is installed to reduce the impact and rescue human life as it is used for emergency evacuation purposes when an accident occurs or installed in places where there is a risk of falling.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. rescue line launcher. equipment that sends the rope by using the compression air from the equipments used to send the rope for rescuing.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. hydraulic rescue equipment set. equipment that is used when rescue activities are undertaken by promptly cutting off or removing the barriers by using the hydraulic force when there is any vehicle accident or building collapse.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. air tent. a tent that is installed by blowing the air by using the compression air cylinder air blower and others.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. rescue door opener. equipment that is designed to break up and open the gate particularly the locking device when the rescue is impossible with the door locked when approaching the victim during fire or disaster.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. rescue net. equipment that is capable of having people on and carrying them out during the evacuation of human lives isolated in a place with impossible to approach through helicopter or others.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. rescue light. a light that undertakes the role to induce people to be rescued or people working on rescuing with the light used in the rescue activities.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. life detector. equipment that is used in search of buried survivors when having various types of disasters such as earthquake, gas explosion, building collapse and the like.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. personal safety alert. equipment that is worn for the safety of staff that moves to the risky place for the purpose of disaster prevention or rescue at the place of disaster or accident area.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. smoke signal device. a device that is manufactured to inform the location and status when requesting for help and rescue by generating smoke.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. life line. a rope that is used for evacuation purpose when the emergency situation arises in skyscraper where the stairs and others are not available to use.. "
"rescue equipment and accessories. equipment and accessories used to rescue people.. confined space rescue equipment. equipment that is used for rescuing activities in the manhole or other narrow and deep areas.. "
