"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. . "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. stomachers. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. laboratory sprayers. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. homogenizers. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. french pressure cells. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. liquid measuring cans. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. dounce homogenizers. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. laboratory blenders or emulsifiers. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies.  laboratory cell disruptor. a system which disrupts, homogenizes and/or emulsifies a specimen by ultrasonic vibration for the purpose of releasing biological molecules of a cell into suspension. "
"laboratory blending and dispersing and homogenizing equipment and supplies. homogenizer parts and accessories. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment. . "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment. laboratory mills. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment. pestle or mortars. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment. tissue grinders. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment. laboratory crushers or pulverizers. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment. laboratory disintegrators. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment. laboratory presses. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment.  laboratory grinder or polisher. a device used to seamlessly grind or finely process the surface of glassware or a test article.. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment.  laboratory asphalt and concrete mixer. a mixer that is used for mixing the samples in a laboratory.. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment.  laboratory grinder or pulverizer pot. a metal pot used with mineral grinders or pulverizers. it has adjustment rings.. "
"laboratory boring and grinding and cutting and crushing and pressing equipment.  laboratory cutting equipment . equipment assigned to the cutting of substances used in the laboratory.. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. . "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. electron guns. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. x ray generators. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. coulometers. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. electroscopes. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. fluxmeters. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. magnetometers. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. electron diffraction apparatus. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. neutron diffraction apparatus. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. optical diffraction apparatus. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment. diffractometers. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment.  electron probe x ray micro analyzer. a device used to detect electrons and x-ray which are generated when the electronic gun shoots an electronic beam and conduct quantitative and qualitative analysis on the elements.. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment.  particle accelerator. a device used to generate kinetic energy by accelerating charged particles such as electrons and protons in a strong electronic field or magnetic field.it is used to analyze the deep structure of an atomic nucleus or an elementary particle.. "
"laboratory electron and solid state physics equipment.  laboratory x ray equipment controller. control equipment that is designed for the x-ray detector. it controls the x-ray device to maintain the optimal condition to detect the material or part defect.. "
"laboratory ionic equipment. . "
"laboratory ionic equipment. ion sources. "
"laboratory ionic equipment. ion exchange apparatus. "
"laboratory ionic equipment. ion implantation equipment. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. . "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. gas burners. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. spirit burners. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. laboratory incinerators. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. laboratory heaters. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. heating mantles or tapes. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. laboratory hotplates. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. warming cabinets. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. infrared dryers. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. hot air blowers. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. temperature cycling chambers or thermal cyclers. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. dry baths or heating blocks. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. stirring hotplates. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. slide warmers. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. slide dryers. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment. heating or drying equipment or accessories. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment.  drying tower. a glass device that is to remove the moisture contained in various gases and vapor samples.. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment.  bibulous paper. highly absorbent paper for drying microscope slides and coverslips. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment.  blood unit tubing heat sealer. high temperature unit for the aseptic sealing of blood donor unit tubing.. "
"laboratory heating and drying equipment.  laboratory general purpose heat sealer. general purpose heat sealer used for sealing bags within the laboratory. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. . "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. laboratory insect containers. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. rearing facilities for entomology. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. fabric or netting for entomology. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological pinning equipment. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological mounting materials. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological trays. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological catching equipment. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological aspirators. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological dippers. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological monocups. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological sticky traps. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. insect test kits. "
"laboratory entomological equipment and accessories. entomological display units. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. . "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. laboratory cages for small animals. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. aquaria equipment. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. animal identification supplies. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. animal catching devices. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. fish aeration systems. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. laboratory animal restraints or harnesses. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. animal feeding needles. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories. animal testing equipment. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories.  anaesthetic gun. gun used to anesthetize animals.. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories.  animal for research testing. any rodent, mammal, ave, or bovine species of animal utilized for bioresearch in a laboratory setting. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories.  research animal food and diet. food and diet used for the nutrition of animals in a bioresearch laboratory. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories.  research animal induction chamber. chamber or hood used for the induction of anesthesia into animals in a bioresearch laboratory. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories.  research animal physiological test kit. test kit used for the purpose of measurement of biophysical and biochemical analytes in animals in a bioresearch laboratory. "
"animal laboratory equipment and accessories.  research animal bedding material. all bedding materials utilized for the skeletal support, comfort, warmth and dryness of animals in a bioresearch laboratory. "
"crystallography equipment. . "
"crystallography equipment. crystal lattice models. "
"crystallography equipment. scintillation crystal assemblies. "
"crystallography equipment. light scattering equipment. "
"crystallography equipment. x ray diffraction equipment. "
"crystallography equipment. crystallizers. "
"crystallography equipment. crystal growing equipment. "
"histology equipment. . "
"histology equipment. tissue embedding stations. "
"histology equipment. embedding molds. "
"histology equipment. embedding capsules. "
"histology equipment. embedding compounds. "
"histology equipment. histological staining apparatus. "
"histology equipment. tissue processors. "
"histology equipment. tissue culture apparatus. "
"histology equipment. histological knives or knife holders or blades. "
"histology equipment. histological glass knife makers. "
"histology equipment. histological hones or straps or compounds. "
"histology equipment. ultrasonic disintegrators. "
"histology equipment. histology sampling and dissecting stations. "
"histology equipment. microtomes. "
"histology equipment. microtome blades. "
"histology equipment. laboratory cover slippers. "
"histology equipment. solvent recyclers. "
"histology equipment. histology tissue cassettes. "
"histology equipment. histology paraffin. "
"histology equipment. automated cover slipping equipment. "
"histology equipment.  somatic cell counter. a type of device that measures the number of somatic cells.. "
"histology equipment.  automated tissue cassette labeler. automated tissue cassette labelers and their accessories and supplies. "
"histology equipment.  histology formalin and solvent resistant permanent marker. solvent and formalin resistant permanent markers for histology microslide and tissue cassette labeling. "
"histology equipment.  histology tissue cassette hopper. hoppers used for the storage and dispensing of histology tissue cassettes. "
"histology equipment.  histology tissue processing implement. all probes, brushes and other implements utilized in the dissection, embedding and microslide preparation of histological tissue for examination. "
"histology equipment.  automated microscope slide labeler. automated microscope labeling system and its accessories and supplies. "
"histology equipment.  histology ultrasonic cleaner. ultrasonic cleaner utilized in the histology laboratory for equipment cleaning and sample preparation such as bone specimen decalcification. "
"histology equipment.  cytology slide processor. liquid based processing system for gynecological and non gynecological specimens in which the specimen is drawn through a processor for the removal of debris and then is deposited as a thin cell preparation on a microscope slide for staining and examination. "
"histology equipment.  paraffin dispenser. electronic large volume capacity container that melts, maintains constant temperature and consistency, and dispenses liquidized histology paraffin into the tissue embedding cassette. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. . "
"laboratory cooling equipment. refrigerated cooling plate probes. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. cryostats. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. fan circulated ovens. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. ultra cold or ultralow upright cabinets or freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. cryogenic or liquid nitrogen freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. chilling units or cold water circulators. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. refrigerated cooling modules. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. blood bank refrigerators. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. general purpose refrigerators or refrigerator freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. flammable material storage refrigerators or refrigerator freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. explosion proof refrigerators or refrigerator freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. chromatography refrigerators. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. blood bank freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. flammable material storage freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. plasma storage freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. ultra cold or ultralow chest freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. laboratory plate freezers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. cool transport or storage. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. laboratory chillers. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. cold traps. "
"laboratory cooling equipment. laboratory cooling equipment accessories. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  benchtop ice bucket or chilling container. ice buckets and containers used for chilling specimens on the workbench. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  blood unit storage boot. boots and racks used to storage blood units in blood bank refrigerators. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  liquid nitrogen measuring stick. flexible stick, usually constructed from fiberglass, that is utilized for measuring the level of liquid nitrogen in storage tanks or systems. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  cryogenic storage cane. stepped metal cane used for long term vial and tube cryogenic storage. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  cryogenic storage bag or overwrap. bag and protective overwrap used for long term cryogenic freezing, storage and thawing of human blood components and cells. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  insulated transport cooler or tote. insulated tote used for temperature controlled transport of biological specimens and products. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  cryogenic tube or vial permanent marker or label. label and writing marker used for cryogenic specimen identification that are specially formulated to withstand ultra low freezing temperatures. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  laboratory dewar flask. flask utilized for the storage of liquid nitrogen used in laboratory cryogenic freezers, that is insulated by a double wall with vacuum between the walls and silvered surfaces facing the vacuum. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  cryobead system for microbial organism cryogenic storage. cryogenic storage system for bacteria that is composed of a cryovial incorporating treated beads and special cryopreservative solution. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  fresh frozen plasma storage carton or frame. cardboard or plastic carton designed for use as a protective frame enhousing fresh frozen plasma bags during ultra low cryogenic storage. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  refrigerated specimen storage rack or tray. rack or tray used for short or long term refrigerated storage of specimens. "
"laboratory cooling equipment.  polymerase chain reaction pcr tube strip and plate cooler. cool packs designing for the uniform cooling of pcr plates, tubes or strips during preparation. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. . "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. chemical engineering washers. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. laboratory washing machines. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. pipette washers. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. washing machine racks or accessories. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. laboratory washing detergents. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. microplate washers. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. blood bank cell washers. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. laboratory wash bottles. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment. laboratory ultraviolet uv sterilizers. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment.  laboratory wastewater treatment equipment. process equipment that is designed to dispose the reaction compounds or residues after the use at the laboratory.. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment.  lab glassware cleaning brush. test tube and flask brushes and other brushes used to clean laboratory glassware. "
"laboratory washing and cleaning equipment.  laboratory surface and glassware decontaminant. decontamination agent used for labware and laboratory surfaces to remove biological, chemical and nucleic acid contamination. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. . "
"fluid mechanics equipment. liquid scintillation counters. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. battery acid hydrometers. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. densitometers. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. high vacuum equipment. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. pneumatic vacuum equipment. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. vacuum or mercury vapour equipment. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. high vacuum combustion apparatus. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. flow injection analysis equipment. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. gas or vapour concentration measuring instruments. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. manometers. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. viscosimeters. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. depth indicators. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. microscopic structure estimation apparatus. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. solution strength estimation apparatus. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. pycnometers. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. surface tension measuring instruments. "
"fluid mechanics equipment. nuclear densitometer. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  concentration measurement instrument. a type of instrument that is designed to measure the volume of solute contained in the entire solution formed with the solvent and solute.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  density measurement instrument. a type of instrument that measures density --volume for each unit-- that is the basic properties of a substance.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  floating body stability measurement apparatus. equipment that measures the weight center of the gravity in floating body including stability, neutral, unstable and others for the object floating on the liquid surface. floating pontoon is launched on the water tank to measure the center of floating body, and it measures the change of metacenter height following the slope of the metacenter and the floating body from metacenter height to experiment the stability of the floating body.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  draft gauge. a type of device that measures the pressure difference on the front and back of the wing wheel to know the air flow in the fan or ventilator.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  open channel acoustic flowmeter. equipment that is used for hydraulic experiment by using the artificial waterway. it is the device used to measure the flow velocity, flow velocity distribution, river bed change, flow rate and others at the open channel with water flowing.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  laboratory wave generator. an experiment device that is used for the analysis and adjustment of waves. motor and linear motion system cause the wave and this device is for the experiment to find out how the object, like a boat floating on fluid, could react to the wave or impact of tidal wave or wave on the dike.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  visual fluid flow apparatus. a type of device that enables to see the fluid flow with the bare eyes. clear pipes are made in several units and let the fluid to flow inside for many experiments of flow velocity, pressure, flux and others.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  wind tunnel. equipment that is utilized to observe and study the phenomenon of air and it proves the theories of hydrodynamics in actual experiment and to measure several types of phenomenon and force working on the object in air. the air flow is artificially generated to find out how the object (model) to be experimented moves in the air in this tunnel-shaped experiment device.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  current meter. a meter that is design to measure the flowing speed of the fluid. there are the impeller type and the pitot tube-type.. "
"fluid mechanics equipment.  vacuum based pipette aspirator system. vacuum system utilized for the aspiration of chemicals, cell culture media, or other liquids by the use of serological, aspirating or transfer pipettes and pipette tips inserted into the vacuum tubing. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. . "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. contamination control screens. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. microbiological aircontrol equipment. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. isolation glove boxes. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment.  anaerobic chamber. in this classification, a anaerobic chamber connotes a device used as atmosphere control units designed to be used when working with oxygen sensitive materials, product containment needs, and/or general isolation control. us fda regulates anaerobic chamber under 21 cfr 866.2120 and under fda product code jtm.. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. refrigerated reach in environmental or growth chambers. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. heated reach in environmental or growth chambers. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. refrigerated and heated reach in environmental or growth chambers. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. refrigerated walk in environmental or growth chambers. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. heated walk in environmental or growth chambers. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. refrigerated and heated walk in environmental or growth chambers. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. laboratory environmental conditioning equipment accessories. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment. clean benches. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment.  temperature cycle chamber. a test chamber capable of cycling through a wide range of temperatures, typically from well below the freezing point of water to well above its boiling point.. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment.  indoor air quality monitor. a device that measures several data on indoor environment conservation of buildings in comprehensive terms. it may measure diversely in accordance with the device characteristics, such as indoor temperature, humidity, radiation temperature, wet bulb temperature, wind speed, relative humidity, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, dust and others.. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment.  temperature and humidity walk in environmental chamber. a space that the facilities are equipped to adjust the change of temperature and humidity in order to measure the impact of change of temperature and humidity on animal and plant, service life and other characteristics of various machines and equipments. it is the equipment of large space where people may walk around.. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment.  pollution environmental chamber. a space that the facilities are equipped to make various polluted environment in order to measure the impact of pollution on animal and plant, service life and other characteristics of various machines and equipments.. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment.  ozone environmental chamber. a space that is structured with the device to generate ozone and experiment thereof in order to undertake experiment on the influence of ozone on the ecology and the degradation properties of product due to the ozone.. "
"laboratory environmental conditioning equipment.  explosion environmental chamber. a space that the facilities are equipped to make the explosives in order to measure the impact on animals and plants, service life and other characteristics of various machines and equipments with the explosion.. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. . "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. ebuliometer. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. fume hoods or cupboards. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. laminar flow cabinets or stations. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. pcr enclosures. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. hepa filtered enclosures. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. carbon filtered enclosures. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. laboratory scrubbers. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. laboratory blowers. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. laboratory enclosure accessories. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. static eliminators. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories. tissue culture enclosures. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories.  laboratory steam generator. a device used to generate steam needed in the laboratory.. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories.  laboratory gas generator. equipment that generates the pertinent gases required in the experiment at the laboratories. it has different configuration or types for each gas generated thereof.. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories.  arm hood. a type of device that absorbs the harmful toxic gas and releases out the gas and others generated from the chemical or physical reaction at the laboratory or research center to outside of building and others through the pipes.. "
"laboratory enclosures and accessories.  biological safety cabinet. an enclosed workspace which utilizes hepa filtering for both intake and exhaust ventilation, which may or may not function through laminar flow, which is divided into biological safety classes and which is used in the laboratory for safely working with materials contaminated with, or which could be potentially contaminated with, pathogens. "
"laboratory baths. . "
"laboratory baths. circulating baths. "
"laboratory baths. thermostatic baths. "
"laboratory baths. multiple baths. "
"laboratory baths. biological baths. "
"laboratory baths. organ baths. "
"laboratory baths. water baths. "
"laboratory baths. oil baths. "
"laboratory baths. sand baths. "
"laboratory baths. refrigerated baths. "
"laboratory baths. orbital shaking water baths. "
"laboratory baths. reciprocating shaking water baths. "
"laboratory baths. immersion circulators. "
"laboratory baths. viscosity baths. "
"laboratory baths. tissue flotation baths. "
"laboratory baths. laboratory bath accessories or supplies. "
"laboratory baths.  blood bank plasma thawing bath. baths for the controlled and rapid thawing of fresh frozen plasma for transfusion. "
"laboratory baths.  tissue culture bath. baths used specifically for the controlled thawing and incubation of tissue cultures and tissue culture media. "
"laboratory baths.  histology tissue freezing bath. ultra low temperature mechanically refrigerated bath utilized for the rapid freezing of histology tissue samples with minimal ice crystalization and faster freezing rate than cryostat or cryotome. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. . "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. laboratory mixers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. roller mixers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. stirring tables. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. multi bank or flocculation equipment. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. laboratory vibrators. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. magnetic stirrers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. laboratory touch mixers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. platelet mixers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. hematology or chemistry mixers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. overhead stirrers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. orbital shakers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. reciprocal shakers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. rotating shakers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. vortex mixers. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. tube rotators. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies. mixer or shaker accessories or attachments. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies.  laboratory reactor. a type of device that undertakes the chemical or biological reaction from the laboratory. this device is to make the chemical reaction easier by giving the time to stay or add the heat, pressure, agitation, light or catalyst.. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies.  microplate shaker. shaker, specific to microplates, that has orbital, reciprocal or rotating action to maintain homogenous mixture within contents of microplate wells. "
"laboratory mixing and stirring and shaking equipment and supplies.  tissue culture roller drum. drum style mixer used for tissue culture, bacterial culture and mini prep by using the roller tube method that provides continous rotary motion under a constant speed and which withstands incubation temperatures. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. . "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. microcentrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. refrigerated microcentrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. benchtop centrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. refrigerated benchtop centrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. floor centrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. refrigerated floor centrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. ultracentrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. vacuum centrifuges. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. centrifuge rotors. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. centrifuge buckets. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. centrifuge adapters. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. centrifuge brushes. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories. laboratory centrifuge accessories. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories.  cytocentrifuge. in this classification a cytocentrifuge connotes a device that is a low-speed, low-acceleration centrifuge used to separate cellular material without damaging it us fda regulates cytocentrifuge under 21 cfr 864.3300 and under fda product code ifb.. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories.  cytocentrifuge cytofunnel or filter card or clamp. funnel, filter card and/or clamping device utilized on a cytocentrifuge for sample concentration to perform cytological, hematological or histological examination. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories.  centrifuge control board or printed circuit board. a microprocessor based circuit board that controls the operation, lid lock, speed and acceration or deceleration rate of a centrifuge. "
"laboratory centrifuges and accessories.  centrifuge microplate carrier or sealing lid. attachment for centrifuge rotor that allows for the centrifugation of microplates. "
"sampling equipment. . "
"sampling equipment. sample changers. "
"sampling equipment. sample oxidizer. "
"sampling equipment. sample preparation line. "
"sampling equipment. sample preparation bombs. "
"sampling equipment. laboratory bailers. "
"sampling equipment. coliwasas. "
"sampling equipment. water samplers. "
"sampling equipment. air samplers or collectors. "
"sampling equipment. air sampling pumps. "
"sampling equipment. reagent kits for use with air samplers. "
"sampling equipment. filters or other spare parts for samplers. "
"sampling equipment. dust fall holders or jars. "
"sampling equipment. sulphur dioxide or smoke samplers. "
"sampling equipment. sample applicators. "
"sampling equipment. plant samples analysis equipment. "
"sampling equipment. air pollutant samplers. "
"sampling equipment. sample holders. "
"sampling equipment. solid phase extraction preparations. "
"sampling equipment. sampling manifolds. "
"sampling equipment. calcine element flow tray. "
"sampling equipment.  fraction collector. a type of fraction collector used to separate liquid according to density which is parted from columns such as liquid chromatography, and automatically form a liquid layer within the centrifugal separating tube.. "
"sampling equipment.  sample shaper. a type of device that is designed to manufacture the samples by to fit into the specification when the physical features in object, material or others are measured.. "
"sampling equipment.  water sampler accessories. accessories to water sampling equipment. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. . "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. slide or specimen mailers or shippers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. lancets. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. heel warmers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. tourniquets. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. specimen collection or transport bags. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. phlebotomy trays or accessories. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. vacuum blood collection tubes or containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. non vacuum blood collection tubes or containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. blood unit collection bags. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. blood culture bottles. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. cytology collection kits or containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. urine collection containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. frepp sepp collection containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. serum filter collection containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. swab collection or transport containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. specimen holders. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  specimen collection container. containers used for holding specimens.. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. bone tissue collection containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. sedimentation rate tubes. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. stool collection containers with media. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. stool collection containers without media. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. sputum collection apparatus or containers. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies. laboratory bone marrow biopsy trays. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  histology or pathology preservative specimen container. for prefilled 10% neutral buffered formalin specimen containers and other fixitives, media, and additives that are used for tissue collection and preservation for histology and pathology.. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  histology or pathology specimen container. tissue collection containers for histology and pathology that do not have an additive, media, or fixative.. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  laboratory feeder. equipment that supplies the solid, liquid, and vapor phases consecutively and automatically from the laboratory.. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  culture specimen collector without swabs. all viral and microbial culture collection and transport containers without swabs. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  neonatal metabolic disorder screen collection card. filter cards used in the collection and transport of neonatal blood samples for state mandated metabolic disorder screening. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  blood culture collection kit. kit used to collect blood culture specimens that includes all venipuncture supplies and/or antimicrobial skin cleansing preparations, and/or is inclusive with blood culture bottles. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  pinworm collection paddle or device. paddle, tape or device utilized for perianal sampling to detect enteric pinworms. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  urine strainer for renal calculi. mesh strainer used to filter voided urine for capture of renal calculi. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  umbilical cord blood collector. collection container utilized for the collection of fetal cord blood and/or umbilical cord tissue for general purpose and/or cryogenic stem cell storage. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  refrigerant pack for diagnostic specimen shippers. gel and liquid refrigerant pack utilized in maintaining a refrigerated environment within a diagnostic specimen shipping container. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  template bleeding time incision device and blotting paper. graduated penetration depth device for performing template bleeding times and/or the blotting paper used in the testing process. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  specimen drop box. box, usually containing a lock mechanism, which is utilized for the receipt and storage of recently collected specimens and which maintains a tamper free environment until that specimen is transported to the testing laboratory. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  arterial and capillary blood gas collection kit. syringe or capillary tube and the mixing fleas, magnets, stoppers and/or the accompanying phlebotomy supplies utilized for the collection of capillary or arterial blood gas specimens. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  blood collection needle holders. in this classification, this entry conforms with blood collection needle holders as validated against fda product codes. "
"specimen collection and transport containers and supplies.  tamper proof container for specimen custody or security . pathology chain of custody protocols require locked and tamper proof storage boxes, bags and cups for evidentiary specimens.. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. . "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. water purification reagents. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. deionization or demineralization equipment. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. base exchange equipment. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. reverse osmosis equipment. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. ultra violet water purification units. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. ultra pure water systems. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. water analysis systems. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. dehydrators. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. deoxiders. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. dissolvers. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. softeners. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies. water filtration cartridges. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies.  distilled or deionized water. both distilled and deionized water is water that has been purified. distilled water is water that has had all its impurities removed by boiling. deionized water is water that lacks ions, causing the waters resistivity to increase. it is similar to distilled water and is useful for scientific experiments. it also can be used for a short time as a high voltage dielectric in some pulsed power applications.. "
"laboratory water purification equipment and supplies.  reverse osmosis equipment parts and accessories. equipment and accessories that increase the pressure of the high concentration side, it can make water pass from the high salt concentration side to the one with low concentration. "
"fermentation equipment. . "
"fermentation equipment. standard fermentation units. "
"fermentation equipment. continuous culture apparatus. "
"fermentation equipment. anaerobic jars or accessories. "
"fermentation equipment. digestion systems. "
"fermentation equipment. inspissators. "
"fermentation equipment. in vitro culture equipment. "
"fermentation equipment. microbiology fermentation equipment. "
"fermentation equipment. anaerobic environmental culture systems or supplies. "
"fermentation equipment.  microaerophilic environmental culture system. a growth system, consisting of a pouch or bag and gas generator, that provides an environment rich in carbon dioxide to promote optimal growth conditions for isolating campylobacter jejuni, and which allows direct observation of the media plate without disruption of that microaerophilic environment. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. . "
"laboratory incubating equipment. gravity convection general purpose incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. forced air or mechanical convection general purpose incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. tissue culture incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. cooled biological oxygen demand bod incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. shaking incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. plate incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed single chamber carbon dioxide incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed dual chamber carbon dioxide incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed single chamber carbon dioxide incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed dual chamber carbon dioxide incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall single chamber carbon dioxide incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall dual chamber carbon dioxide incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall single chamber carbon dioxide incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall dual chamber carbon dioxide incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed single chamber three gas incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed dual chamber three gas incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed single chamber three gas incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. water jacketed dual chamber three gas incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall single chamber three gas incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall dual chamber three gas incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall single chamber three gas incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. dry wall dual chamber three gas incubators with humidity control. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. refrigerated incubators. "
"laboratory incubating equipment. incubator accessories. "
"laboratory incubating equipment.  carbon dioxide incubator. a type of device that is used for culturing the bacilli or tissue that cannot be cultured without the carbon dioxide co2 gas when culturing the bacilli or tissue at the hospital bacilli laboratory or other research institute.. "
"laboratory incubating equipment.  media preparation apparatus. an apparatus that makes and sterilizes the culture solution to culture the germs, and injects this culture solution into the petri dish for certain volume at a time.. "
"laboratory incubating equipment.  platelet incubator. agitating incubators for platelet storage. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. . "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. laboratory mechanical convection ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. gravity convection ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. ageing ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. cleanroom ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. laboratory quartz oven pots. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. laboratory safety ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. laboratory microwave ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. induction dryers. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. vacuum ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. drying cabinets or ovens. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. hybridization ovens or incubators. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories. laboratory oven accessories. "
"laboratory ovens and accessories.  magnesium melt oven. a device used to melt magnesium pellets or balls for further processing.. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. . "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. laboratory box furnaces. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. programmable box furnaces. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. tube furnaces. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. programmable tube furnaces. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. crucible furnaces. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. programmable crucible furnaces. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. furnace control console. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. programmable furnace control console. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. laboratory safety furnaces. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. laboratory furnace hearthplates. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. laboratory furnace replacement insulation. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories. laboratory furnace accessories. "
"laboratory furnaces and accessories.  laboratory hot press. a type of sintering equipment that uses the densification of the ceramic powder and others that would be unable to manufacture with the dissolution method for high fusion point in using high temperature and high pressure simultaneously.. "
"laboratory freeze dryers and lyopholizers and accessories. . "
"laboratory freeze dryers and lyopholizers and accessories. freeze dryers or lyopholizers. "
"laboratory freeze dryers and lyopholizers and accessories. freeze dryer glassware. "
"laboratory freeze dryers and lyopholizers and accessories. tray dryers. "
"laboratory freeze dryers and lyopholizers and accessories. freeze dryer or lyopholizer accessories. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. . "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. flask or retort units. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. bi distillation units. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. laboratory evaporators. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. vacuum or rotary evaporators. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. nitrogen blowdown evaporators. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. extracting equipment for laboratories. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. fat extractors. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. crude fiber extractors. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. sedimentological analyzing unit. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. fractionation apparatus. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. density gradient fractionators. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. distillation pipings or columns or fittings. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. reflux components. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. laboratory heat exchange condensers. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. kjeldahl nitrogen determination apparatus. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. vacuum or centrifugal concentrators. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies. extraction thimbles. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies.  structured packing. specially designed material for use in distillation columns and chemical reactors.. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies.  cell harvester. a type of device that is manufactured to send the chemicals and cells concurrently to the filter to obtain the cells in mass by filtering the cell only and passing the chemicals when extracting the cell for culturing for certain period by blending the chemical with the isotope and the cell.. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies.  laboratory fractional distillation apparatus. it is a type of fractional distillation that is specially undertaken when classifying the solution that contains two or more kinds of volatile ingredient, such as alcohol, perfume, petroleum and the like, for each ingredient. the fraction is the measurement of substance capacity lessened within the scope of regulated temperature and this device enables to measure such classification and quantity.. "
"laboratory decanting and distilling and evaporating and extracting equipment and supplies.  static sample concentrator. units for the static concentration of clinical samples prior to analysis. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. . "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory line filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. gel filtration equipment. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. ultra filtration equipment. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. sintered cell filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. thin channel filtration equipment. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. reverse osmosis filtration equipment. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. molecular filtration equipment. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory cartridge element filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory filter holders or cyclones. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory multi sheet or press filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory air filtration systems. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. fluid presses filter. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. bioseparation filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. bottletops or filtration cups. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. capsules filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. centrifugal filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory environmental filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory glass filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory hepa filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. hybridization filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory membrane filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. syringe filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. multiwell plate filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. microbiology filters. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. laboratory filtration hardware or accessories. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. silica bed filter. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies. filter support screens. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies.  laboratory bottle receiver. special fitted bottle for filter pumps and filtration units.. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies.  laboratory filter papers. used for separating different substances of different physical states.. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies.  molecular sieve. a material device containing tiny pores of a precise and uniform size that is used as an adsorbent for gases and liquids.molecules small enough to pass through the pores are adsorbed while larger molecules are not. it differs from a common filter in that it operates on a molecular level.. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies.  serum separator tube filter. tube style filter that is inserted into a blood collection tube specimen which has been centrifuged in order to separate plasma or serum from the cellular components of that blood. "
"laboratory filtering equipment and supplies.  cell strainer. a pored mesh strainer that is inserted into a conical tube in order to rapidly remove debris or clots from a blood specimen and isolate primary cells in order to acquire a single cells suspension prior to flow cytometry or cell sorting analysis. "
"laboratory sieves and sifting equipment and supplies. . "
"laboratory sieves and sifting equipment and supplies. laboratory separators. "
"laboratory sieves and sifting equipment and supplies. laboratory sifting equipment. "
"laboratory sieves and sifting equipment and supplies. test sieves. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. . "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. laboratory vacuum pumps. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. peristaltic pumps. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. laboratory centrifugal pumps. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. syringe pumps. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. metering pumps. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. chromatography pumps. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. laboratory drum pumps. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. laboratory general purpose tubing. "
"laboratory pumps and tubing. rotary vane pumps. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories. . "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories. histology or cytology slide stainers. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories. hematology slide stainers. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories. microbiology slide stainers. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories. laboratory slide stainer accessories. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories. microslide making equipment. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories.  immunohistochemistry autostainer. all autostainers utilized specificically for immunohistochemical special stain procedures. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories.  immunohistochemistry autostainer accessory. all ihc autostainer replacement parts, printing accessories, user defined dispensers and specialty slides. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories.  laboratory staining rack and tray. general purpose over-the-sink stain racks and trays. "
"laboratory slide stainer equipment and accessories.  multidepartment manual slide stainer set. manual slide stainer sets with containers and racks that are user defined for use in multiple department staining procddures. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. . "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. gel boxes. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. gel dryers. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. electrophoresis system power supplies. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. transilluminators. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. electrophoresis system accessories. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. instrumentation for capillary electrophoresis. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. capillaries or cartridges. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. kits or reagents for capillary electrophoresis. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. blotting or transfer accessories. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. blotting or transfer apparatus. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. combs or plates or spacers or trays. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. cassettes or related detection accessories. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. gel documentation systems. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. gel documentation accessories. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. ultraviolet crosslinkers. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. agarose gel making reagents. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. agarose premade gels. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. polyacrylamide gel making reagents. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. polyacrylamide premade gels. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. nucleic acid gels stain. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. polyacrylamide gels stain. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. electrophoresis premade buffers or solutions. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. deoxyribonucleic acid dna or ribonucleic acid rna probes. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. microwells plates for deoxyribonucleic acid dna or deoxyribonucleic acid dna hybridization. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. hybridization reagents or buffers. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. conjugated nucleotides or oligomers. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. premade northern or southern or western blots. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. blocking agents. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. control proteins or cell lysates or tissue lysates. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. protein chemifluorescent detection reagents or kits or substrates. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. protein chemiluminescent detection reagents or kits or substrates. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. protein chromogenic detection reagents or kits or substrates. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. deoxyribonucleic acid dna quantitation markers. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. deoxyribonucleic acid dna size markers or standards. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. isoelectric focusing ief markers. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. protein electrophoresis markers. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. ribonucleic acid rna markers or standards. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies. blotting membranes. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies.  electrophoresis system. a type of device that moves the molecules with the electric features within the electric field. it is frequently used for the measurement of molecule volume in substance and separation of substance used of the difference for quantity of electricity or forms of each substance.. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies.  autoradiography film. film used for chemiluminescent detection of protein and nucleic acid samples that have been labeled with radioisotopes. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies.  kit and reagent for agarose gel electrophoresis. kit and reagent necessary for protein and/or nucleic acid gel agarose electrophoresis testing. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies.  kit and reagent for tape based electrophoresis. kit or reagent used to perform electrophoresis for quality control evaluation and purity analysis or quantitation of genomic dna, dna fragments and dna libraries utilizing a tape based platform. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies.  electrophoresis sample applicator or blade. applicator and blade utilized to apply samples to an electrophoretic film. "
"laboratory electrophoresis and blotting system and supplies.  protein gel stain. stains specific to visualization of proteins separated by agarose gel electrophoresis, that are not polyacrylimide in composition. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. . "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. deoxyribonucleic acid dna cleanup or gel extraction kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. kits for deoxyribonucleic acid dna extraction from food. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. electroelution systems. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. genomic deoxyribonucleic acid dna purification kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. high throughput screening hts systems in nucleic acid purification. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. kits for purification of messenger ribonucleic acid mrna. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. nucleic acid isolation magnetic beads. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. nucleic acids coprecipitants. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. nucleic acids quantitation kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. phage deoxyribonucleic acid dna purification kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. kits for plasmids deoxyribonucleic acid dna extraction from yeast. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. plasmids or cosmids or bacterial artificial chromosomes bac purification kit. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. labeled nucleic acid purification kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. reagents for nucleic acid extraction or precipitation or resuspension. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. ribonucleic acid rna cleanup or stabilization materials. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. ribonucleic acid rna gel extraction kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. kits for nucleic acid extraction from plant cells or tissue. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. total ribonucleic acid rna purification kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. viral deoxyribonucleic acid dna purification kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components. viral ribonucleic acid rna purification kits. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components.  deoxyribonucleic acid dna detection system. equipment that disposes in mass of manifestation for genes, search for genetic disease, virus infection and others.. "
"nucleic acid dna and rna extraction and purification and quantitation kits and components.  nucleic acid isolation non magnetic beads. isolates single cells from cell suspensions without magnetic forces. "
"deoxyribonucleic acid dna sequencing products. . "
"deoxyribonucleic acid dna sequencing products. kits or enzymes for sequencing. "
"gene arrays. . "
"gene arrays. acid nucleic immobilized on glass or nylon membranes. "
"in vitro transcription and translation products. . "
"in vitro transcription and translation products. oligomer conjugates or derivatives. "
"in vitro transcription and translation products. ribonucleotides. "
"in vitro transcription and translation products. transcription or translation systems or kits. "
"in vitro transcription and translation products. translation labeling accessories. "
"libraries and related materials. . "
"libraries and related materials. animal tissues or bodily fluids. "
"libraries and related materials. complementary deoxyribonucleic acid cdna libraries. "
"libraries and related materials. complementary deoxyribonucleic acid cdna synthesis kits. "
"libraries and related materials. genomic libraries. "
"libraries and related materials. library construction kits. "
"libraries and related materials. protein or peptide display libraries. "
"libraries and related materials. two hybrid libraries or systems. "
"libraries and related materials. viral packaging kits. "
"libraries and related materials.  peptide synthesizer. equipment that synthesizes the desired peptide by controlling the amino acid required for reaction and synthesis manually or in computer by the user as the peptide made by the condensation polymerization reaction of the amino acid.. "
"nucleic acid labeling and detection systems. . "
"nucleic acid labeling and detection systems. nucleic acid chemifluorescent detection materials. "
"nucleic acid labeling and detection systems. nucleic acid chemiluminescent detection materials. "
"nucleic acid labeling and detection systems. nucleic acid chromogenic detection materials. "
"nucleic acid labeling and detection systems. nucleic acid non radioactive labeling kits. "
"nucleic acid labeling and detection systems. nucleic acid radioactive labeling kits. "
"nucleic acid labeling and detection systems. radio nucleotides or nucleosides. "
"deoxyribonucleic acid dna analysis kits. . "
"deoxyribonucleic acid dna analysis kits. cytogenetics kits. "
"deoxyribonucleic acid dna analysis kits. differential display or subtraction kits. "
"deoxyribonucleic acid dna analysis kits. deoxyribonucleic acid dna typing kits. "
"deoxyribonucleic acid dna analysis kits. nuclease protection assays. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. . "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. antimycotics. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. bacteria competent cells. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. bacteria transformation kits. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. bottled agar media or stabs for bacteria. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. brent supplement mixtures for yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. complete supplement mixtures for yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. dictyostelium discoideum media. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. electroporation cuvettes. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. hollenberg supplement mixtures for yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. media or supplements for schizosaccharomyces pombe. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. media ingredients or additives schizosaccharomyces pombe. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. media ingredients or additives for bacteria. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. premixed media dry. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. reagents for preparing competent bacteria. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. reagents for preparing competent yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. rich media for yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. specialty plates for bacteria. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. specialty premixed media dry. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. synthetic complete supplement mixtures for yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. synthetic media for yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. yeast competent cells. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. yeast transformation kits. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment. yeast nitrogen bases ynb or yeast nitrogen base ynb variants. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  electroporation system. cuvette, plate, or chamber based system utilized for inserting or transfection of molecules into mammalian cells by using an electrical pulse to create pores in the cell membrane through which those molecules can pass. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  bottled broth media for bacteria. broth media utilized for the general or selective growth and differentiation of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  bottled broth media for yeast. broth media utilized for the general or selective growth and differentiation of yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  specialty plate for yeast. plated agarose media with nutrient ingredients favorable to the general and selective growth of yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  bottled agar media or stabs for yeast. bottled or tubed agarose media forumulated for the general and selective growth of yeast. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  bottled saline or water for microbiology. a sterile preparation of purified water or normal saline utilized in diverse routine microbiological applications. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  inoculum fluid for identification and sensitivity panels. a sterile preparation of water, saline or propagation broth that is utilized to suspend bacterial or yeast primary culture colonies in solution for inoculation into identification or susceptibility panels. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  contact agar plate for environmental microbial presence. a gridded or non gridded plate that containing a nutrient growth media that is used for monitoring necessary sanitary surfaces, by process of touching the agar to that surface for the growth, detection and enumeration of microorganisms that might be present there. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  automated microbial culture plate streaker. an automated processing system that inoculates and streaks universal specimen types and sources onto plated and tubed media. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  biolistic particle delivery system. a device used for high velocity injection of dna-coated fragments directly into host tissues, cells, or organelles, resulting in the transformation of virtually any diverse cell target. "
"microorganism propagation and transformation media and kits and equipment.  penicylinder. in this classification, this commodity indicates a product used as a small cylinder that can be coated with bacteria as part of scientific experiments with antibiotics in a medical setting most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule these products under hs 901920.. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. . "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. deoxynucleotide triphosphates dntps. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. gene specific polymerase chain reaction pcr kits. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. kits for polymerase chain reaction pcr purification. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. kits for messenger ribonucleic acid mrna quantitation by polymerase chain reaction pcr. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. nucleotides. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. polymerase chain reaction pcr buffers. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. polymerase chain reaction pcr optimizing products. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. polymerase chain reaction pcr or reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr primers. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. premade complementary deoxyribonucleic acid cdna. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. purified genomic deoxyribonucleic acids dna. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. purified ribonucleic acids rna. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. rapid amplification or complementary deoxyribonucleic acid ends race technology products. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr kits. "
"polymerase chain reaction pcr and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction rt pcr products. thermostable deoxyribonucleic acid dna polymerases or kits. "
"primers and linkers and adaptors. . "
"primers and linkers and adaptors. adaptors or linkers. "
"primers and linkers and adaptors. miscellaneous primers. "
"primers and linkers and adaptors. sequencing primers. "
"protein expression products. . "
"protein expression products. bacterial expression kits. "
"protein expression products. eucariotic transfection reagents. "
"protein expression products. inducers or regulators. "
"protein expression products. insect cells. "
"protein expression products. insect expression kits. "
"protein expression products. insect media. "
"protein expression products. insect medium supplements or reagents. "
"protein expression products. mammalian cell expression kits. "
"protein expression products. mammalian cells. "
"protein expression products. kits for protein extraction from mammalian cells or tissues. "
"protein expression products. kits for protein extraction from bacteria. "
"protein expression products. kits for protein extraction from yeast. "
"protein expression products. reporter gene assay. "
"protein expression products. stable mammalian cell lines. "
"protein expression products. yeast expression kits. "
"protein expression products.  enzyme expression consumables. this commodity includes disposable plastic laboratory supplies for enzyme and protein expression that are treated or coated (organic or inorganic) to improve performance.. "
"vectors. . "
"vectors. chromosome targeting vectors. "
"vectors. bacterial expression vectors. "
"vectors. cassette vectors. "
"vectors. display vector maps or sequences. "
"vectors. enzyme reporter vector maps or sequences. "
"vectors. expression complementary deoxyribonucleic acid cdna vectors. "
"vectors. fluorescent protein vector maps or sequences. "
"vectors. fusion vectors. "
"vectors. gene targeting vectors. "
"vectors. general cloning vectors. "
"vectors. hybrid system vectors or kits. "
"vectors. insect expression vectors. "
"vectors. library construction vectors. "
"vectors. mammalian cell expression vectors. "
"vectors. polymerase chain reaction pcr cloning vectors or kits. "
"vectors. phage or viral deoxyribonucleic acids dna. "
"vectors. plasmid mutagenesis vectors or kits. "
"vectors. recombination mediated cloning or expression products. "
"vectors. sequencing vectors. "
"vectors. signal transduction reporter vector maps or sequences. "
"vectors. virus mediated expression vectors or kits. "
"vectors. yeast expression vectors. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. . "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. leaf area meter. a meter that measures the accurate leaf area with the luminescence method to analyze with the sensor by penetrating the light on the opaque and irregular plant leaf with the built-in camera focus.. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. photosynthesis measurement apparatus. photosynthesis reaction is the reaction that synthesizes the carbohydrate with the energy source of carbon gas, water and inorganic chlorine from the green plant and the solar ray and with the catalyst of chlorophyll. and the device measuring it is referred to as the photosynthesis measurement apparatus.. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. plant growth measuring instrument or auxanometer. a type of device that measures the nurturing condition of plant periodically during certain period.. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. chlorophyl measuring instrument. an instrument that measures excessiveness green pigment contained in the chloroplast of plants.. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. phytotron. a type of device that surveys the impact of various environment conditions on the plants. it is done by artificially building up the environment, such as temperature, humidity, light and others required of plant growth for experiment when undertaking the growth experiment of various plants.. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. minirhizotron. equipment that continuously observes the process of nurturing and growth through the entire nurturing period of the root under the soil for the plant.. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. vegetation nutrition inspection device. a type of device that inspects the impact on growth, development and survival of crops when organic compounds, inorganic compounds and others are discharged into the nature. it is designed to measure the leaves of plants at the site.. "
"laboratory botanical equipment and accessories. equipment and component that may be observed and researched for the plant used for the purpose of the experiment.. plant collection device set. a portable tool that is used in gathering plants. the plant collection set is consisted of collection container, plant press, trowel, and pruning shears.. "
"cleanroom certified supplies. equipment designed and certified to operate in a cleanroom, maintaining an extremely low level of particulates (such as dust, airborne organisms, or vaporized particles) without contaminating the environment.. . "
"cleanroom certified supplies. equipment designed and certified to operate in a cleanroom, maintaining an extremely low level of particulates (such as dust, airborne organisms, or vaporized particles) without contaminating the environment.. cleanroom certified apparel. certified apparel designed to operate in a cleanroom, maintaining an extremely low level of particulates (such as dust, airborne organisms, or vaporized particles) without contaminating the environment.. "
"cleanroom certified supplies. equipment designed and certified to operate in a cleanroom, maintaining an extremely low level of particulates (such as dust, airborne organisms, or vaporized particles) without contaminating the environment.. cleanroom certified footwear. certified footwear designed to operate in a cleanroom, maintaining an extremely low level of particulates (such as dust, airborne organisms, or vaporized particles) without contaminating the environment.. "
"cleanroom certified supplies. equipment designed and certified to operate in a cleanroom, maintaining an extremely low level of particulates (such as dust, airborne organisms, or vaporized particles) without contaminating the environment.. cleanroom tacky floor mats. specialty mats with adhesive substance that removes dirt and particles from bottom of shoes before entering cleanrooms or other environments to prevent contamination.. "
