"medical or surgical equipment repair. these are services to repair and or maintain equipment used in healthcare. the equipment usually contains multiple and sometimes complicated parts and can be serviced either on site or at an alternate location. these types of products include capital equipment.. . "
"medical or surgical equipment repair. these are services to repair and or maintain equipment used in healthcare. the equipment usually contains multiple and sometimes complicated parts and can be serviced either on site or at an alternate location. these types of products include capital equipment.. medical capital equipment maintenance or repair. these services are for repair and or maintenance of large or high asset value equipment. these may include washer/sterilizers, xray equipment, lab analyzers, etc.. "
"medical or surgical equipment repair. these are services to repair and or maintain equipment used in healthcare. the equipment usually contains multiple and sometimes complicated parts and can be serviced either on site or at an alternate location. these types of products include capital equipment.. medical minor equipment maintenance or repair. these services are for repair and or maintenance of small, low asset value medical equipment. these may include mobile bp units, ippb units, etc.. "
"medical or surgical equipment repair. these are services to repair and or maintain equipment used in healthcare. the equipment usually contains multiple and sometimes complicated parts and can be serviced either on site or at an alternate location. these types of products include capital equipment.. medical or surgical instrument maintenance or repair. these services are used to maintain instruments and would include sharpening, cleaning and repair.. "
"medical or surgical equipment repair. these are services to repair and or maintain equipment used in healthcare. the equipment usually contains multiple and sometimes complicated parts and can be serviced either on site or at an alternate location. these types of products include capital equipment.. medical or surgical equipment service agreement. agreement between the hospital and the selling company to maintain equipment and supplies for a specified period of time.. "
"medical or surgical equipment repair. these are services to repair and or maintain equipment used in healthcare. the equipment usually contains multiple and sometimes complicated parts and can be serviced either on site or at an alternate location. these types of products include capital equipment.. medical or surgical equipment or implant rental and shipping fee. fees incurred for renting and/or shipping equipment or implants.. "
