"fine arts. . "
"fine arts. theater studies. "
"fine arts. painting. "
"fine arts. sculpture. "
"fine arts. media studies. "
"music and drama. . "
"music and drama. music schools. "
"music and drama. dance education. "
"music and drama. drama studies. "
"driving and flying and sailing. . "
"driving and flying and sailing. vehicle driving schools services. "
"driving and flying and sailing. flight school services. "
"driving and flying and sailing. yachting or boating school services. "
"military education. . "
"military education. service academies. "
"military education. pilot schools. "
"military education. military police training. "
"military education. war college. "
"schools for people with disabilities. . "
"schools for people with disabilities. primary schooling services for people with disabilities. "
"schools for people with disabilities. secondary schooling services for people with disabilities. "
"schools for people with disabilities. specialized schools for people with disabilities. "
"schools for people with disabilities. specialized rehabilitation services for people with disabilities. "
"management education and training services. educational and training services intended to improve management capabilities and effectiveness for executives, managers and other leadership positions in public and private sector organizations of all kinds.. . "
"management education and training services. educational and training services intended to improve management capabilities and effectiveness for executives, managers and other leadership positions in public and private sector organizations of all kinds.. executive coaching service. service provided to executives to improve their interaction with the public, increase the effectiveness of their communication and speaking abilities. involves coaching, counseling and mentoring.. "
"training planning, facilitation and delivery services. consultancy services related to planning training sessions and materials and facilitating training sessions.. . "
"training planning, facilitation and delivery services. consultancy services related to planning training sessions and materials and facilitating training sessions.. training facilitation service. consultancy services related to planning training sessions and materials and facilitating training sessions.. "
"training planning, facilitation and delivery services. consultancy services related to planning training sessions and materials and facilitating training sessions.. training planning and development consultancy service. consultancy services related to planning training sessions and materials and facilitating training sessions.. "
"training planning, facilitation and delivery services. consultancy services related to planning training sessions and materials and facilitating training sessions.. training course design and content development service. service involving the design and development of educational content to meet specific training offerings.  training materials can consist of non-technical (soft skill) or technical skilled content.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. . "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. training workshop service. training or workshop for skills enhancement and development. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. field trip service. service provided for various field trips outside of schools. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational planning service. service involving the process of setting out in advance, strategies, policies, procedures, programs and standards through which an educational objective (or set of objectives) can be achieved.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. curriculum development service. service involving the planned, purposeful, progressive, and systematic process to create positive improvements in an educational system taking into account the larger cultural and socio-economic context of potential students.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational forecasting service. service involving the process of making predictions of the future based on past and present educational data and most commonly by analysis of trends.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. teaching and educational research service. service involving the systematic collection and analysis of data related to the field of education. spans a variety of methods. research may involve various aspects of education including student learning, teaching methods, teacher training, and classroom dynamics.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational psychology service. service involving the branch of psychology concerned with the scientific study of human learning.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational sociology service. service spanning the study of how public institutions and individual experiences affect education and its outcomes. it is mostly concerned with the public schooling systems of modern industrial societies, including the expansion of higher, further, adult, and continuing education.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational administration service. service involving educational administration which is a discipline within the study of education that examines the administrative theory and practice of education in general and educational institutions and educators in particular activities.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational statistics service. service involving the process of collection, analysis and publication of statistics on education and school finance information usually by government agencies.  also includes international comparisons of education statistics and provides leadership in developing and promoting the use of standardized terminology and definitions for the collection of those statistics.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational surveys service. service that includes planning design, operations, statistical analysis reporting, and dissemination of data from sample surveys at all levels of education, including early childhood and adult, and international data.   may also include surveys on vocational and technical education.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational data collection service. service involving the process of gathering and measuring information on targeted educational variables in an established systematic fashion, which then enables one to answer relevant questions and evaluate outcomes.  the goal is to capture quality evidence that allows analysis to lead to the formulation of convincing and credible answers to the questions that have been posed.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational management service. service involving educational management, also sometimes known as educational administration, is commonly associated with elementary and secondary schools as well as institutes of higher learning like colleges and universities. educational management professionals can also be found working in governmental agencies, private companies, and not-for-profit organizations. those working in educational management might act as policy-makers, researchers, or consultants to help evaluate and develop ways to enrich and enhance the educational system at all levels.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational evaluation service. service involving the evaluation process of characterizing and appraising some aspect/s of an educational process.  educational evaluation is also a professional activity that individual educators need to undertake if they intend to continuously review and enhance the learning they are endeavoring to facilitate.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational policy service. service involving the principles and government policy-making in the educational sphere, as well as the collection of laws and rules that govern the operation of education systems.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational legislation service. service involving education law conceived as the portion of the law in a state, country or city that specifically governs educational bodies such as public and private schools and universities. various education laws cover every aspect of education and school systems.  educational legislation includes the process involved in developing these laws.. "
"educational support services. range of services designed to assist and supplement existing educational programs.. educational innovation service. service involving the educational improvement through new ideas and inventions that shatter the performance expectations of todays status quo; to make a meaningful impact, these new solutions must also \"scale\", that is grow large enough, to serve millions of students and teachers or large portions of specific under-served populations. true educational innovations are those products, processes, strategies and approaches that improve significantly upon the status quo and reach scale.. "
