"industrial trucks. . "
"industrial trucks. carts. "
"industrial trucks. bulk transporters. "
"industrial trucks. dollies. "
"industrial trucks. hand trucks or accessories. "
"industrial trucks. pallet trucks. "
"industrial trucks. pushcarts. "
"industrial trucks. wheelbarrows. "
"industrial trucks. creepers. "
"industrial trucks. wagons. "
"industrial trucks. tilt trucks. "
"industrial trucks. shelf trolleys. "
"industrial trucks. power buggies. "
"industrial trucks.  tugger. a motorized tractor like vehicle powered by gasoline, diesel, electric, natural gas, or lpg used to tow a flat trailer or trailers for the purpose of transporting material in and around factory and or dock and or warehouse areas.. "
"industrial trucks.  platform truck. a type of manually operated materials transporting equipment comprised of a flat plate and handle mounted on casters that can be pushed or pulled.. "
"industrial trucks.  straddle carrier truck. self propelled wheeled vehicle with gantry type structure that is designed to lift objects for transportation and is used in transporting large and heavy items.. "
"industrial trucks.  powered platform truck. a mobile, power-propelled materials handling truck comprised of a flat plate and wheels used to carry materials.. "
"industrial trucks.  electric tow tractor. electric motored transportation vehicle manufactured to tow trailer loaded with products within premises such as warehouse and factories and others.. "
"industrial trucks.  tilt truck lids or accessories. covers or lids to enclose tilt truck contents for transport.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. . "
"lifting equipment and accessories. elevators. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. hoists. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. forklifts. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. lifts. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. loading equipment. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. stackers. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. winches. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. tilts. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. manipulators. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. slings. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. jacks. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. blocks or pulleys. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. air bags for loading. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. loading ramps. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. below the hook device. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  scissor lift or lift table. a device that employs a scissors mechanism to raise or lower materials in such a way as to provide ergonomic positioning for operators. lift tables come in a vast array of configurations and can be built to suit various highly specialized industrial processes. the most common lift table design incorporates hydraulic cylinders and an electrical motor to actuate the scissor lifting mechanism. lift tables can also be driven by pneumatic sources or by foot pump when the load is not excessively heavy. lift tables can be mounted in a pit for floor-level loading, can include rotating tops, tilting mechanisms, and other various features to ensure operator safety and ease of use.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. pipe layer. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. bridge cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. track cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. all terrain cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. rough terrain cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. tower cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. hydraulic truck cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. conventional truck cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. escalator or walkways. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. girder trolleys. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. adjustable forks. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. forklift or elevator accessories or supplies. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. workshop cranes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. suction cups. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. side shifts. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. hoist drums. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. chain bags. "
"lifting equipment and accessories. screw jacks. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  counter weight bag and counterweight. weights attached to the counterweight cantilever or to the rotating platform to assist in counteracting the weight of the load and/or certain parts during operation.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  nylon fabric sling. these slings are made up of a fabric on the top with a nylon rope inside. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  wire rope sling. these slings are made up of tightly woven metallic wire ropes. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  windlass. an apparatus for moving a heavy weight. it consists of a horizontal cylinder (barrel), which is rotated by the turn of a crank or belt. a winch is affixed to one or both ends, and a cable or rope is wound around the winch, pulling a weight attached to the opposite end.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  traversing gear unit. traversing gear for a working machine comprising a drive motor, which is connected to a hydrostatic compound gear that has a hydraulic pump and two hydraulic motors.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  shackle. a usually u-shaped fastening device secured by a bolt or pin through holes in the end of the two arms and or chain. typically used during material handling.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  floating crane. a marine lifting machine used to move or construct materials on the water.it is mainly used in harbors and other waterway commercial and construction sites.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  laundry and dressing trolley. this is a type of lifting equipment used for the purpose of moving laundry and dressing.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  dumb waiter. a type of vertical lift equipment or elevator used to carry small cargo. it is used frequently in transportation of books at library or products at warehouse.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  crawler crane. crawler type vehicle with crane device and driver compartment, and is used mainly for pulling up and transporting heavy objects on weak foundation.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  railway crane. a crane with track type roller equipped with hoist.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  material lifting clamp. a clamp that is designed to pick up and hold or move an object.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  plate lifting clamp. clamp manufactured to transport mainly plate type objects by picking up or hanging them horizontally or vertically.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  winch crane. a device used to move cargo vertically up and down or horizontally by installing boom on vertical post and by using rotation of boom and wire rope of its frontal end, and has support structure on the lower portion that supports the post.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  guy derrick. crane with 6 or 7 units of guy line that is used mainly in transportation and assembly of steel frame and is similar to derrick with ropes.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  capstan. a machine used in pulling up or pulling heavy objects by rotating rope or wire wound around vertical conical body, and is used mainly in winding rope for mooring of vessels.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  jib crane. a crane that has the inclined jib that is also referred to as the slewing crane with many turns to make. it has a horizontal cantilever shape that extends from the vertical post.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  overhead crane. a crane that enables pulling up and transporting heavy objects by laying rail onto the posts of internal wall surfaces of factory and attaching hoist onto 1 to 2 units of girder and cross beam that can travel on the rail.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  gantry crane. a crane comprised of a supporting device both ends of which have legs with wheels moving on rail. above the supporting device, a trolley moves horizontally to carry the goods.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  vehicle parking lift system. mechanical three dimensional parking facility that can accommodate larger number of vehicles within limited space by parking vehicles in three dimensions.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  tractor towed crane. a wheel type crane that is hauled by the connecting rod of a tractor and the power is supplied from tractor to operate through manipulation of cable.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  tractor mounted crane. a crane mounted on the front, center or rear portion of a wheel type tractor and used primarily for railroad construction. it is hauled by the connecting rod of a tractor and the power is supplied from tractor to operate through manipulation of cable.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  lifting magnet. a device used for stevedoring and transporting steel plate, scrap iron, slave, iron lump, beams and other metal items by using principle of electromagnet. eye for pulling up is attached to the upper aspect of the device.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  vehicle movable jack or dolly. a device for moving or transporting vehicles used for changing the location of vehicle within a narrow space such as car repair shop and transportation of parked vehicle that becomes obstacle under emergency situations.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  battery lifter. lifting device used to raise or lower heavy batteries of electric motor vehicles or forklifts. designed to be hung on crane or hoist by attaching sling or hook onto insulated beam.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  vehicle lift. lifting device, usually hydraulic, used for lifting vehicles for maintenance of underbody of vehicle, alignment of wheel and maintenance of tire and others.. "
"lifting equipment and accessories.  winch cover. a cover that is made with textile, leather or plastic product. it is used to cover all or part of winch to protect the winch from the factors of damage, such as humidity, dust and others.. "
"conveyors and accessories. . "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor roller. "
"conveyors and accessories. ball transfer tables. "
"conveyors and accessories. rock bins. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor feeders. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor screw. "
"conveyors and accessories. trolleys or accessories. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor rails. "
"conveyors and accessories. extendable conveyors. "
"conveyors and accessories. roller conveyors. "
"conveyors and accessories. package stops. "
"conveyors and accessories. turntables. "
"conveyors and accessories. belt conveyors. "
"conveyors and accessories. bucket conveyors. "
"conveyors and accessories. air conveyors. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor belting. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor pulleys. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor idlers. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor belt lacing or fasteners. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor belt brushes. "
"conveyors and accessories. trolley lid. "
"conveyors and accessories. chain conveyors. "
"conveyors and accessories. motorized rollers or drums. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor frames. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor flights or links. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor liner. "
"conveyors and accessories. vibrating conveyors. "
"conveyors and accessories. conveyor mounts. "
"conveyors and accessories.  elevator bucket. the bucket that is attached to a bucket elevator conveying system. "
"conveyors and accessories.  screw conveyor. type of conveyor system consisting of an archimedian screw contained within a tube and turned by a motor so as to deliver material from one end to the other.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  conveyor skirt board. attachment to conveyors for holding skirt board rubber.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  conveyor carrying idler bracket. carrying idler frames are fabricated out of mild steel strips and angles and are used to hold the impact idlers and carrying idlers in position and support / guide the belt.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  conveyor return idler bracket. a return idler bracket is generally fabricated from mild steel mostly in l or j shape.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  v plough scraper. this is a v-shaped metallic frame with a rubber strip inserted into it. the frame is mounted on the top side of a return conveyor belt.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  air slide. this is an enclosed conveyor which is divided into two parts. on the top side material flows; on the bottom side compressed air flows in pulses. the two parts are separated by means of a porous fabric which the compressed air passes through and fluidizes the material being conveyed.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  dense phase conveying system. this system has a top surge tank, a leak proof valve, a dispenser and conveying pipes. dust from the system is added to the surge tank. from there it enters into the dispenser, where the material is pressurized and discharged in batches.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  lean phase conveying system. this system has a top surge tank, a leak proof valve, a dispenser and conveying pipes. dust from the system is added to the surge tank and from there it enters into the dispenser, where the material is driven by a continuous stream of compressed air.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  rod gate. this a type of valve used in controlling flow rate of granular bulk raw materials, mostly fitted at the bottom of bunkers/silos. it consists of a box-like frame made of a mild steel channel through which mild steel control rods are inserted from both sides. rod removal increases material flow; rod insertion decreases material flow.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  bulk receiving unit. this equipment is similar to a belt conveyor, but the belt is wider and has side walls to hold the material. equipment orientation is horizontal with the discharge end inclined upwards. "
"conveyors and accessories.  high angle conveyor. these are also called \"z\" conveyors, the basic configuration is like a belt conveyor. the only difference is that instead of a flat belt, there are bucket shaped vanes fixed on top of the belt to hold the conveying material.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  internal belt scraper. this device consists of a fabricated metallic frame containing blades made of a flexible material. it is mounted just over a conveyor belt where it scrapes the conveyed material.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  external belt scraper. this device consists of a fabricated metallic frame containing blades made of a flexible material. it is mounted just over a conveyor belt where it scrapes the conveyed material.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  conveyor tail shaft. shaft used on conveyor systems. it is located at the unloading end of the conveyor system.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  conveyor head shaft. shaft used on conveyor systems.it is located at the loading end of the conveyor system.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  wheel conveyor. a type of conveyor similar to a roller conveyor except that wheels are attached instead of rollers to convey goods on it.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  portable conveyor. a type of adjustable length conveyor mounted on wheels to enable easy transportation of device as needed.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  conveyor support. a conveyor support device used to adjust the height or gradient of a movable or portable conveyor, or to move the conveyor.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  tripper conveyor. a pulley-driven type of conveyor belt used in construction, mining, and other large-scale earth-moving businesses. they are also known as tiered or stepped conveyers and are designed to convey materials uphill. in order to keep these materials from sliding back down the conveyor, tall ridges or flaps are affixed laterally to the face of the conveyor belts.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  conveyor system. an integrated conveyor assembly comprised of frame, belts, pulleys and power source designed to transport material or objects automatically and continuously over prescribed distance.. "
"conveyors and accessories.  overhead track conveyor. a type of conveyor that consists of a continuous loop of chain or cable that is suspended from a track. carriers or trolleys are attached periodically to hang or contain products. there are several different types of overhead trolleys. manual trolleys or push systems are used mainly in low-volume applications. motorized overhead trolleys have wheels that run on a rail and are driven by a motor.. "
"dock equipment. . "
"dock equipment. dock levelers. "
"dock equipment. dock seals. "
"dock equipment. dock ramps. "
"dock equipment. strip doors. "
"dock equipment. dock bumpers. "
"dock equipment. dock ladders. "
"dock equipment. dock plates. "
"dock equipment. wheel chocks. "
"dock equipment. dock rails or accessories. "
"drum handling equipment. . "
"drum handling equipment. drum openers. "
"drum handling equipment. drum grabs. "
"drum handling equipment. drum lifters. "
"drum handling equipment. drum cradles. "
"drum handling equipment. spill deck. "
"drum handling equipment. drum recuperators. "
"drum handling equipment. spill containment supports. "
"drum handling equipment.  drum stillage. a type of pallet or cage for storing and/or transporting a plurality of drums containing hazardous material, such as radioactive waste, comprising a rectangular planar base having a post extending upwardly from each corner. each post is hollow and is provided with a support pad at an end remote from the base. the support pads lie in a plane substantially parallel to the base. upper and lower tie plates extend between the four posts to define a perimeter around the stillage.. "
"shelving and storage. . "
"shelving and storage. rack systems for rack mount electronic equipment. "
"shelving and storage. bin handlers. "
"shelving and storage. storage racks or shelves. "
"shelving and storage. automated storage or retrieval systems. "
"shelving and storage. work benches. "
"shelving and storage. reel storage shelves. "
"shelving and storage. portable reel holders. "
"shelving and storage. wall mounted rails. "
"shelving and storage.  glass shelving. a flat plate/sheet of glass that is used to hold objects.. "
"shelving and storage.  bookshelf accessory. could be any one of the following: split angle, metallic base, square, screw, hook, reel, corner, separator, among others.. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. . "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. cargo handling equipment. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. warehouse carousels. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. warehouse casers. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. depalletizers. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. palletizers. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. industrial shrink wrap equipment. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. cartoning machinery. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. packaging compactors. "
"warehousing equipment and supplies. sack holders. "
"packing tools. . "
"packing tools. stretch film dispensers. "
"packing tools. box sealing tape dispensers. "
"packing tools. bag sealing tools or equipment. "
"packing tools. strapping dispenser. "
"packing tools. air inflators. "
"packing tools.  die cutting machine. a machine that cuts packing boxes made of paper in unfolded condition.. "
"packing tools.  baling press. a machine that compacts paper boxes, waste paper, plastic bottles and cans into a compressed bale with standardized dimensions in order to make storage or transportation easy.. "
"automatic guided vehicles agv. an automatic guided vehicle, or agv consists of a computer controlled wheel based load carrier (normally battery powered) that runs on the plant floor (or if outdoors on a paved area) without the need for an onboard operator or driver. agvs have defined paths or areas within which or over which they can navigate. navigation is achieved by any one of several means, including following a path defined by buried inductive wires, surface mounted magnetic or optical strips.. . "
"automatic guided vehicles agv. an automatic guided vehicle, or agv consists of a computer controlled wheel based load carrier (normally battery powered) that runs on the plant floor (or if outdoors on a paved area) without the need for an onboard operator or driver. agvs have defined paths or areas within which or over which they can navigate. navigation is achieved by any one of several means, including following a path defined by buried inductive wires, surface mounted magnetic or optical strips.. bar code guided automatic guided vehicle. a type of automatic guided vehicle, or agv consisting of a computer controlled wheel based load carrier that runs on the plant floor in a defined path controlled by bar codes.. "
"automatic guided vehicles agv. an automatic guided vehicle, or agv consists of a computer controlled wheel based load carrier (normally battery powered) that runs on the plant floor (or if outdoors on a paved area) without the need for an onboard operator or driver. agvs have defined paths or areas within which or over which they can navigate. navigation is achieved by any one of several means, including following a path defined by buried inductive wires, surface mounted magnetic or optical strips.. wire guided automatic guided vehicle. a type of automatic guided vehicle, or agv consisting of a computer controlled wheel based load carrier that runs on the plant floor in a defined path defined by buried wires.. "
"waste material handling and recycling systems. recycling and waste material handling systems. . "
"waste material handling and recycling systems. recycling and waste material handling systems. vertical waste compactor. an equipment that crushes and compresses trash into small convenient bundles.. "
"waste material handling and recycling systems. recycling and waste material handling systems. stationary waste compactor. a machine that compacts refuse into a detachable container at the site of generation. "
