"marine biology services. marine biology science is the scientific study of organisms in the ocean or other marine or brackish bodies of water. it classifies species based on the environment rather than on taxonomy.. . "
"marine biology services. marine biology science is the scientific study of organisms in the ocean or other marine or brackish bodies of water. it classifies species based on the environment rather than on taxonomy.. marine biology consultation service. consulting, advisory, information and research services from tertiary qualified professionals to advise on marine organisms and ecosystem dynamics; ocean currents, waves, and geophysical fluid dynamics; plate tectonics and the geology of the sea floor; and fluxes of various chemical substances and physical properties within the ocean and across its boundaries.. "
"ecological science services. ecological science is the study of the relationships living organisms have with each other and with their natural environment. topics of interest to ecologists include the composition, distribution, amount  or biomass, number, and changing states of organisms within and among ecosystems.. . "
"ecological science services. ecological science is the study of the relationships living organisms have with each other and with their natural environment. topics of interest to ecologists include the composition, distribution, amount  or biomass, number, and changing states of organisms within and among ecosystems.. aquatic ecology service. consulting, advisory, information and research services from tertiary qualified professionals that perform biological assessment studies on water bodies, including sampling, identification, and analysis of phytoplankton, zooplankton, periphyton, aquatic macrophyte, benthic macroinvertebrate, and fish communities.. "
"botanical science services. botanical science is the science of plant life. it covers a wide range of scientific disciplines including structure, growth, reproduction, metabolism, development, diseases, chemical properties, and evolutionary relationships among taxonomic groups.. . "
"botanical science services. botanical science is the science of plant life. it covers a wide range of scientific disciplines including structure, growth, reproduction, metabolism, development, diseases, chemical properties, and evolutionary relationships among taxonomic groups.. horticultural science service. science and technologies that underpin horticulture, such as plant pathology, soil science, entomology, weed science, and other disciplines. it also includes healthcare and therapies that enhance horticultures contribution to society. horticultural scientists focus on the research that underpins horticultural knowledge, skills, technologies, education and commerce.. "
"botanical science services. botanical science is the science of plant life. it covers a wide range of scientific disciplines including structure, growth, reproduction, metabolism, development, diseases, chemical properties, and evolutionary relationships among taxonomic groups.. arboricultural science service. consulting, advisory, information and research services from tertiary qualified professionals to advise on how individual trees, shrubs, vines, and other perennial woody plants grow and respond to cultural practices and to their environment. the practice of arboriculture includes cultural techniques such as selection, planting, training, fertilization, pest and pathogen control, pruning, shaping, and removal.. "
"agricultural science services. encompasses the parts of exact, natural, economic and social sciences that are used in the practice and understanding of agriculture.. . "
"agricultural science services. encompasses the parts of exact, natural, economic and social sciences that are used in the practice and understanding of agriculture.. agricultural science consultation service. includes research and development on production techniques e.g., irrigation management, recommended nitrogen inputs, etc., improving agricultural productivity in terms of quantity and quality e.g., selection of drought-resistant crops and animals, development of new pesticides, yield-sensing technologies, simulation models of crop growth, in-vitro cell culture techniques, transformation of primary products into end-consumer products e.g., production, preservation, and packaging of dairy products. "
"aerobiological science services. studies organic particles, such as bacteria, fungal spores, very small insects, pollen grains and viruses, which are passively transported by the air. include measurement and reporting of airborne pollen and fungal spores. . "
"aerobiological science services. studies organic particles, such as bacteria, fungal spores, very small insects, pollen grains and viruses, which are passively transported by the air. include measurement and reporting of airborne pollen and fungal spores. air quality science service. consulting, advisory, information and research services from tertiary qualified professionals to advise on the contamination of the air by impurities (called pollutants) which can occur naturally or can be produced by human activities. "
