"civil engineering. . "
"civil engineering. well engineering. "
"civil engineering. technical drawing. "
"civil engineering. harbor or water ports engineering. "
"civil engineering. structural engineering. "
"civil engineering. naval architecture. "
"civil engineering. dam engineering. "
"civil engineering. architectural engineering. "
"civil engineering. airport engineering. "
"civil engineering. highway engineering. "
"civil engineering. railway engineering. "
"civil engineering. geographic information system gis services. "
"civil engineering. building construction management. "
"civil engineering.  geotechnical or geoseismic engineering. civil works for geotechnical geoseismic studies. "
"civil engineering.  plant or facility infrastructure engineering. engineering services for design, calculation for the following plant or facility applications: earth movements, roads, sewer systems. "
"civil engineering.  energy or utility consulting service. contract consulting related to utilities and other energy producing companies. "
"civil engineering.  landscape architecture and design service. consultancy related to landscape architecture and design. "
"civil engineering.  lighting engineering service. lighting engineering design is the design of lighting to use light to achieve a practical or aesthetic effect. lighting includes the use of both artificial light sources like lamps and light fixtures, as well as natural illumination by capturing daylight. day lighting --using windows, skylights, or light shelves-- is sometimes used as the main source of light during daytime in buildings. this can save energy in place of using artificial lighting, which represents a major component of energy consumption in buildings.. "
"civil engineering.  subdivison planning service. subdivision means the division of a lot, tract, or parcel of land into two or more lots, plats, sites, or other divisions of land for the purpose, whether immediate or future, of sale or of building development. it includes re-subdivision and, when appropriate to the context, relates to the process of subdividing or to the land or territory subdivided. "
"civil engineering.  hydrology assessment service. rainfall basis for stormwater calculations. "
"civil engineering.  hydrogeology assessment service. ground water, water table, water pressure in the ground. "
"civil engineering.  earthworks engineering. earthworks are land grading to reconfigure the topography of a site, or to stabilize slopes.  includes roads, railway beds, causeways, dams, levees, canals, and berms.. "
"civil engineering.  urban design and engineering service. urban design is a technical process to design and engineer green field or brown field areas to incorporate public open space, built form and view corridors.. "
"civil engineering.  city development planning service. urban planning --urban, city, and town planning-- is a technical and political process concerned with the control of the use of land and design of the urban environment, including transportation networks, to guide and ensure the orderly development of settlements and communities. it concerns itself with research and analysis, strategic thinking, urban design, public consultation, policy recommendations, implementation and management. "
"civil engineering.  sediment control engineering. sediment control engineering is used to design solutions to prevent and decrease damages from sedimentation disasters as well as to maintain fundamental conditions of fluvial ecosystem, consisting of water, sediment and aquatic lives.. "
"civil engineering.  quantity surveying service. a type of service involving management of all costs related to building and civil engineering projects, from the initial calculations to the final figures. surveyors seek to minimise the costs of a project and enhance value for money, while still achieving the required standards and quality. many of these are specified by statutory building regulations, which the surveyor needs to understand and adhere to.. "
"civil engineering.  wastewater engineering. the design of wastewater systems -sanitary sewer and grey water- is the design of a closed network of pipes, buffer chambers, pumping stations and sewage treatment plants. these are used to remove wastewater from human activity and treat the wastewater to minimize environmental impact.. "
"civil engineering.  stormwater engineering. the design of stormwater systems for removal of surface water to prevent flooding. urban areas have many impermeable surfaces which tend to concentrate water. the stormwater systems collect water via channels, culverts, pipes, drainage reserves, settling ponds. for the most part these are gravity fed systems. the stormwater outflows into rivers, lakes, tidal creeks, estuaries, coastal water and the ocean.. "
"civil engineering.  acoustic engineering. engineering design for building noise attenuation and various other noise sources attenuation.  involves use of computer modelling.. "
"civil engineering.  fisheries engineering. a civil engineering- related discipline that involves the study and research of all activities related to the extraction, processing, marketing and cultivation of aquatic species, whether freshwater or marine.. "
"civil engineering.  sanitation engineering service. a service that includes planning  advisory and consulting, design, management, analysis and development of options and solution technologies in problems such as poor hygiene and environmental pollution, preparation of studies or related proposals, etc.. "
"civil engineering.  agricultural engineering. engineering services for the design, calculation of agricultural infrastructure, canals, technified irrigation.. "
"civil engineering.  restoration architectural service. architectural services for the design of restoration and conservation projects of old buildings.. "
"mechanical engineering. . "
"mechanical engineering. mechanical drawing. "
"mechanical engineering. mechanical product enclosures design. "
"mechanical engineering. machine tool design. "
"mechanical engineering. power transmission design. "
"mechanical engineering. electromechanical services. "
"mechanical engineering.  marine engineering. encompasses shipbuilding engineering functions including creative project floating ship, applied research, technical development in the fields of design and construction and management of the production centers of buoyancy material (yards). as well as the maintenance and repair of these. the marine engineer is concerned with the design, planning, design and construction of ships, boats and floating structures, including oil platforms and offshore wind farms. "
"mechanical engineering.  textile engineering service. includes design and advice consultancy for textile plants, development of dimensions and features of textile machinery, development and monitoring of textile projects.. "
"electrical and electronic engineering. . "
"electrical and electronic engineering. electrical engineering services. "
"electrical and electronic engineering. electronic circuit design. "
"electrical and electronic engineering. engineering testing services. "
"electrical and electronic engineering.  laboratory equipment maintenance. service related to maintenance of electrical laboratory equipment.. "
"electrical and electronic engineering.  printing equipment maintenance. service related to the maintenance of electrical printing equipment.. "
"electrical and electronic engineering.  wafer reclaiming service. semiconductor wafer reclaiming services. "
"electrical and electronic engineering.  electronic component manufacturing service. manufacturing service specifically for electronic components. "
"electrical and electronic engineering.  electronic measurement and recording instrument engineering and design service. engineering and design service to install electronic measurement or recording instruments such as chromatograph or analyzers. "
"electrical and electronic engineering.  semiconductor wafer mask lithography service. design and use of  masks in lithography process and semiconductor wafer manufacturing.. "
"chemical engineering. . "
"chemical engineering. plastics engineering. "
"chemical engineering.  chemical process engineering service. a service providing the design, operation, control, and optimization of chemical, physical, and biological processes through the aid of systematic computer-based methods.. "
"oil and gas engineering. . "
"oil and gas engineering. production engineering for oil or gas. "
"mining engineering. . "
"mining engineering. hydraulic mining. "
"ocean engineering. . "
"ocean engineering. coastal engineering. "
"transportation engineering. . "
"transportation engineering. traffic engineering. "
"transportation engineering. urban transport network. "
"transportation engineering. inland waterways. "
"aeronautical engineering. . "
"aeronautical engineering. avionics design. "
"aeronautical engineering.  space engineering service. specialized aerospace engineering service which includes computing, design, planning, optimization and modification of equipment and mechanical systems used by the aeronautics and aerospace industry, its production or manufacturing processes as well as research, planning, management, optimization of service projects.. "
"electrical power transmission engineering. . "
"electrical power transmission engineering. high voltage overhead line construction. "
"electrical power transmission engineering. high voltage overhead line maintenance and repair. "
"permitting services. . "
"permitting services.  mine permitting service. services related to creating and processing information to obtain mine permit approvals.. "
"permitting services.  building consent and permit engineering peer review service. professional services used to validate a statement supplied by, or on behalf of an applicant for, a building consent, by, or on behalf of a person who has been granted a building consent that a certain work has been or will be carried out in accordance with certain technical specifications. "
"permitting services.  building consent processing and support service. professional service used for the processing of building consent documentation. these experts produce confirmation that the proposed building, plumbing, drainage and safety requirements comply with the building code. "
"sampling services. . "
"sampling services.  coal sampling service. vendor takes samples of coal and analyzes them for quality.. "
"instrumented control systems design and engineering services. includes a wide range of specialized control system design and engineering services. . "
"instrumented control systems design and engineering services. includes a wide range of specialized control system design and engineering services. fire and gas monitoring and control system engineering service. service to design and engineer fire and gas monitoring and control systems. "
"instrumented control systems design and engineering services. includes a wide range of specialized control system design and engineering services. process control system design and engineering service. service to design and engineer process control systems. examples include distributed control systems dcs, safety instrumented systems sis and scada systems.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. . "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. demining environmental impact assessment eia service. the process of identifying, predicting, evaluating and mitigating the biophysical, social, and other relevant environmental effects of mine action activities prior to decisions being taken and commitments made.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. demining feasibility study fs service. a service involving a study to establish the feasibility of the statement of tasks and outputs (sto) in terms of technology, costs and time as related to demining of an area.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. general mine action assessment gmaa service. the continuous process by which a comprehensive inventory can be obtained of all reported and/or suspected locations of mine or explosive remnants of war erw contamination, the quantities and types of explosive hazards, and information on local soil characteristics, vegetation and climate; and assessment of the scale and impact of the landmine and erw problem on the individual, community and country.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. demining non technical survey nts service. refers to the collection and analysis of data, without the use of technical interventions, about the presence, type, distribution and surrounding environment of mine or explosive remnant of war erw contamination, in order to define better where mine or erw contamination is present, and where it is not, and to support land release prioritization and decision-making processes through the provision of evidence.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. demining operational analysis (oa) or operational research service. a field of research that applies scientifically based quantitative and qualitative analysis to assist management decisions relating to demining operations.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. post mine clearance assessment service. survey to assess the effectiveness and efficiency of mine action planning, priority setting, and implementation processes, aiming to enhance the productivity and effectiveness of mine action, monitor post-clearance land use, ensure priority-setting processes are clear, transparent and carried out correctly, and help identify problems faced by communities in transforming the outputs of mine action (e.g. cleared land) into sustainable developmental outcomes.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. demining risk analysis or assessment or evaluation service. systematic use of available information to identify hazards and to estimate the risk of demining operations.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. demining technical survey. refers to the collection and analysis of data, using appropriate technical interventions, about the presence, type, distribution and surrounding environment of mine or explosive remnant of war erw contamination, in order to define better where mine/erw contamination is present, and where it is not, and to support land release prioritization and decision making processes through the provision of evidence... "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. mine landmine impact survey lis. a landmine impact survey quickly ascertains the extent of potential contamination from landmines and unexploded ordnance after conflict. the survey maps potential dangerous areas and also gathers data from the community, such as socioeconomic blockages resulting from actual or perceived contamination. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. counter improvised explosive device ied training. deliver ied awareness training, and thus, prepare forces to adopt the appropriate attitude should the ied threat continue to rise.. "
"minefield and demining services. services related to the management and clearing of minefields.. canine explosive detection team. a highly trained detection dog and a law enforcement handler. these teams conduct searches for a variety of explosive materials.. "
"cultural conservation-restoration engineering services. design, construction, preservation and maintenance activities involved in the conservation and restoration of cultural heritage.  focused on protection and care of tangible cultural heritage, including artworks, architecture, archaeology, and museum collections. conservation activities include preventive conservation, examination, documentation, research, treatment, and education. . "
"cultural conservation-restoration engineering services. design, construction, preservation and maintenance activities involved in the conservation and restoration of cultural heritage.  focused on protection and care of tangible cultural heritage, including artworks, architecture, archaeology, and museum collections. conservation activities include preventive conservation, examination, documentation, research, treatment, and education. cultural heritage property maintenance engineering service. maintenance engineering and supervision services for the conservation-restoration of cultural heritage property.  includes inspection, servicing and repair work as well as documentation.. "
"cultural conservation-restoration engineering services. design, construction, preservation and maintenance activities involved in the conservation and restoration of cultural heritage.  focused on protection and care of tangible cultural heritage, including artworks, architecture, archaeology, and museum collections. conservation activities include preventive conservation, examination, documentation, research, treatment, and education. cultural heritage property design service. design engineering and supervision services for the conservation-restoration of cultural heritage property.  includes design work as well as documentation.. "
"marine operation and inspection services. includes a range of specialized services carried out in a marine coastal or deep sea environment.. . "
"marine operation and inspection services. includes a range of specialized services carried out in a marine coastal or deep sea environment.. under water inspection in lieu of dry-docking service. in water survey (iws) is a service required to ensure the structural and operational integrity of a marine asset. "
"marine operation and inspection services. includes a range of specialized services carried out in a marine coastal or deep sea environment.. in water survey. in water survey (iws) is a service required to ensure the structural and operational integrity of a marine asset. "
"marine operation and inspection services. includes a range of specialized services carried out in a marine coastal or deep sea environment.. special periodic survey. special periodic survey (sps) is a five yearly classification requirement. sps\u2019s can be carried out in line with an under-water inspection in lieu of drydocking (uwild) and is unique to each vessel or rig. "
"marine operation and inspection services. includes a range of specialized services carried out in a marine coastal or deep sea environment.. mooring service. a service involving the securing of a vessel to any permanent structure such as quays, wharfs, jetties, piers, anchor buoys, and mooring buoys. a ship is secured to a mooring to forestall free movement of the ship on the water... "
"marine operation and inspection services. includes a range of specialized services carried out in a marine coastal or deep sea environment.. marine heavy lifting service. service that includes the transportation, handling and installation of heavy items which are indivisible, and of weights generally accepted to be over 100 tons and of widths/heights of more than 100 meters. these oversized items are transported from one place to another (sometimes across country borders) then lifted or installed into place.. "
