"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. . "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. mine anti-tampering device. device intended to protect a mine and which is part of, linked to, attached or placed under the mine and which activates when an attempt is made to tamper with or otherwise intentionally disturb the mine.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. demining machine. equipment or machinery used in demining operations.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. anti explosive device detonator. device containing a sensitive explosive intended to produce a detonation wave which will cause an explosive device to explode.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. mine dispenser. container or device which isused to carry and release mines.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. intrusive demining machine. equipment or machinery designed to repair, update, or augment devices used to work inside a hazardous area or minefield.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. non intrusive demining machine. equipment or machinery designed to repair, update, or augment devices used to operate from a cleared or known safe area, with its mechanical tool working in the hazardous area or minefield.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. demining machine parts and accessories. parts and accessories designed to repair, update, or augment devices used to in demining operations.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. mine detecting dog mdd. dog trained and employed to detect mines, explosive remnants of war erw, and other explosive devices.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. mine self destruction mechanism. an incorporated automatically-functioning mechanism which is in addition to the primary initiating mechanism of the munition and which secures the destruction of the munition into which it is incorporated.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. mine self neutralization equipment. a device integral to a mine, which renders the mine inoperative, but not necessarily safe to handle. in landmines, this process may be reversible.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. mine roller or mine trawl. a mine roller or mine trawl is a demining device mounted on a tank or armoured personnel carrier, designed to detonate anti-tank mines.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. improvised explosive device ied detection and removal arm. a vehicle-mounted crane system designed to investigate and remove improvised explosive devices (ieds) allowing for operation from inside mine protected vehicles.it is designed as an independent component and can be attached to most vehicles.. "
"demining equipment and related products. equipment and related products for use in the deactivation and disposal of mines.. mine detector. mine detectors are metal detectors using electromagnetic induction techniques based on either the continuous wave or the pulse induction principle.. "
