"mine exploration. . "
"mine exploration. mine development. "
"mine exploration. test boring or core drilling. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services. . "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services. shaft sinking. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services. mine blasting services. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services.  mine bore hole drilling service. drilling services used for underground mining. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services.  slope shaft construction service. service to cut shafts at an angle rather than vertical for underground mining. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services.  mine horizontal drilling service. drilling to explore coal seam and or to release and capture methane gas.. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services.  underground seal installation service. service that installs underground wall seals to block off old mined areas or move fresh air to specific areas of mine.seals are built to msha standards.. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services.  underground roofing construction service. installation service for roof control or protection in mining operations.. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services.  bunker construction service. service that constructs underground bunkers that hold surges of coal from feed belts and release material to main belt at steady feed rate.. "
"mine drilling blasting and construction services.  underground ventilation construction service. service to install or make repairs to barriers, walls or structures involved in containing or directing the flow of air in underground mining operations.. "
"extraction. . "
"extraction. shaft mining services. "
"extraction. open pit mining services. "
"extraction. strip mining services. "
"extraction. in situ leaching isl services. "
"extraction. pumping or draining. "
"extraction. overburden removal. "
"extraction. impoundment or storage of water services. "
"extraction. soil flushing services. "
"extraction. mine filling services. "
"extraction.  mine machinery rental or leasing service. rental or leasing of mining machiney. "
