"duplicating machines. . "
"duplicating machines. photocopiers. "
"duplicating machines. multifunction machines. "
"duplicating machines. digital senders. "
"duplicating machines. digital duplicators. "
"duplicating machines. faxswitch machines. "
"duplicating machines.  inkjet fax machine. a telecommunications technology used to transfer copies (facsimiles) of documents using inkjet printing technology.. "
"duplicating machines.  laser fax machine. a telecommunications technology used to transfer copies (facsimiles) of documents using laser printing technology.. "
"duplicating machines.  thermal fax machine. a telecommunications technology used to transfer copies (facsimiles) of documents using thermal printing technology.. "
"duplicating machines.  weather facsimile or radiofax. a machine that outputs the graphic or photo with the sea bed environment condition or the geological survey and others that is connected to the receiver for underwater audio equipment or received of wireless frequency independently.. "
"duplicating machines.  mimeograph and accessories. also called clycostile, it is an instrument used to make written paper copies in large quantities. the reproduction employs stencil-type paper.. "
"paper processing machines and accessories. . "
"paper processing machines and accessories. paper cutting machines or accessories. "
"paper processing machines and accessories. paper punching or binding machines. "
"paper processing machines and accessories. paper shredding machines or accessories. "
"paper processing machines and accessories. base protection boards. "
"paper processing machines and accessories. paper jogging machines. "
"paper processing machines and accessories. paper sorting machines. "
"paper processing machines and accessories.  paper press machine. a machine that reduces the volume for easy to dispose by compressing the paper.. "
"paper processing machines and accessories.  paper shredder bag. paper shredder bags or sacks are either attached to paper shredding machines to collect the shredded paper or the shredder sack can itself be made from fully recyclable paper which allows full documents to be kept inside the sack and then sack and contents can be shredded to ensure complete protection.. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. . "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. color options or upgrades. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. duplexer trays. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. duplexer units. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. facsimile handsets. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. office machine trays or feeders. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. photoconductor or imaging units. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. stapler units. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. ozone filters. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. mirror assemblies. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. magnetic pickup assemblies. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. compressor assembly. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. mailbox stackers. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. copy counters. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. facsimile units for office machines. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. platen covers. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. hole punching units. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. infrared adapters. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. copy or scan accessories. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. language fonts. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. media spindles. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. multi bin mailbox power upgrades. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. multi bin mailboxes. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. multi function upgrades. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. printer cabinets. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. printer emulation upgrades. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. printer stands. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. roll feeds. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories. output stackers. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories.  automatic document sorter. a device that automatically arranges the copied document or printed document for each dimension as attached on the copier or printer.. "
"printer and photocopier and facsimile accessories.  page or bar magnifier. office accessory that enlarges a single line or full page of text from a document.. "
"calculating machines and accessories. . "
"calculating machines and accessories. adding machines. "
"calculating machines and accessories. accounting machines. "
"calculating machines and accessories. cash registers. "
"calculating machines and accessories. calculator ribbons. "
"calculating machines and accessories. cash register ribbons. "
"calculating machines and accessories.  pocket calculator. a calculator of small dimensions, usually powered by solar energy that is easy to transport.. "
"calculating machines and accessories.  scientific calculator. a small machine that is used for mathematical calculations including more complex operations, like sine or cosine.. "
"calculating machines and accessories.  desktop calculator. a wide and flat calculator designed to be placed on desk tops.. "
"calculating machines and accessories.  printer calculator. a calculator with the capability of printing the results of its calculations.. "
"check endorsing and writing machines. . "
"check endorsing and writing machines. check endorsing machines. "
"check endorsing and writing machines. check writing machines. "
"check endorsing and writing machines.  bankbook or passbook update machine. a device that prints with the contents of withdrawal and deposit on the bank account with the bank book inserted.. "
"check endorsing and writing machines.  protectograph. protectographs are those that protect any document and/or check from forgery, some protect the payees name in addition to the amount.. "
"laminating supplies. . "
"laminating supplies. lamination film. "
"laminating supplies. laminator pouches. "
"laminating supplies. transfer foils. "
"laminating supplies. creative foils. "
"mail machines. . "
"mail machines. franking or postage machines. "
"mail machines. mail opening machines. "
"mail machines. mail sealing machines. "
"mail machines. stamp canceling machines. "
"mail machines. addressing machines. "
"mail machines. letter folders. "
"mail machines. stamp affixers. "
"mail machines. mail machine accessories. "
"mail machines.  automatic postal or mailing machine. a device that automatically disposes mail by imprinting the seal and calculating the fees by classifying mails in accordance with size, weight and others.. "
"scanner accessories. . "
"scanner accessories. endorsers. "
"scanner accessories. scanner document feeders. "
"scanner accessories. scanner transparency adapters. "
"packing machines. . "
"packing machines. bundling machines. "
"packing machines. parcel wrapping machines. "
"packing machines. seal presses. "
"packing machines. sealing machines. "
"packing machines. strapping tensioners or sealers. "
"packing machines. tying machines. "
"packing machines. collators. "
"labeling machines. . "
"labeling machines. dating or numbering machines. "
"labeling machines. identification id press machines. "
"labeling machines. label applying machines. "
"labeling machines. label making machines. "
"labeling machines. lettering equipment. "
"labeling machines. tape embosser. "
"labeling machines. automatic labeling systems. "
"labeling machines. semi automatic labeling systems. "
"labeling machines. label dispensers. "
"labeling machines. adhesive label cartridges. "
"labeling machines.  compact disc or digital versatile disc cd/dvd labeling system kit. a kit designed to prepare and affix labels to cds and dvds.. "
"labeling machines.  self-inking stamp. stamp that has a self-contained ink pad.. "
"sorting machines. . "
"sorting machines. money counting machines. "
"sorting machines. sorters. "
"sorting machines. coin wrapper machines. "
"sorting machines.  paper and plastic counter. machine that classifies any type of paper and plastic. "
"typing machines and accessories. . "
"typing machines and accessories. typewriters. "
"typing machines and accessories. printwheels. "
"typing machines and accessories. stenotype machines. "
"typing machines and accessories. dictation machines. "
"typing machines and accessories. typewriter ribbon. "
"typing machines and accessories. word processors. "
"typing machines and accessories. typewriter printing elements. "
"typing machines and accessories. accessory or supply kits for typewriters. "
"typing machines and accessories. typewriter starter kits. "
"binding and lamination machines. . "
"binding and lamination machines. laminators. "
"binding and lamination machines.  thermal binding machine. thermal binding machines are used to bind pads and softbound books. these machines use glue to bind multiple pages together, often including a cover. the end result looks very professional.. "
"binding and lamination machines.  spiral binding machine. spiral binding machines use a plastic pvc coil that is inserted through punched holes where the ends are cut and crimped. coil bound documents allow pages to easily turn and books to lay flat and open.. "
"binding and lamination machines.  comb binding machine. a binding machine that uses comb bindings.. "
"binding and lamination machines.  binding punch machine. a binding machine that works with interchangeable die punches.. "
"binding and lamination machines.  wire binding machine. a machine that punches and binds paper using wire.. "
"office machine accessories. . "
"office machine accessories. travel kits for office machines. "
"office machine accessories. storage accessories for office machines. "
"office machine accessories. tape cleaners. "
"office machine accessories. air compressed spray. "
"office machine accessories. small paper bags of wet absorbing salts. "
"office machine accessories. computer or office equipment cleaning kit. "
"office machine accessories. equipment dust covers. "
"office machine accessories. compact disc cleaners or scratch removers. "
"office machine accessories. compact disc drive cleaner. "
"office machine accessories. laminator trays. "
"office machine accessories. cleaning wipes for office machines. "
"office machine accessories. cleaning solutions for office equipment. "
"office machine accessories. compact disc destroyer. "
"fusers and accessories. . "
"fusers and accessories. fuser cleaning pads or filters. "
"fusers and accessories. fuser oil. "
"fusers and accessories. fuser wiper. "
"fusers and accessories. fusers. "
"fusers and accessories. fuser lamps or assemblies. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. . "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. printer or facsimile or photocopier belts. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies.  printer or facsimile toner. toner has multiple meanings. this toner is specifically for office equipment. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. transfer rolls. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. ink cartridges. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. ink sticks. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. printer or facsimile or photocopier cleaning supplies. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. developer for printers or photocopiers. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. printer or facsimile or photocopier drums. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. print heads. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. ink rolls. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. printer ribbon. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. phasers or inkjet kits. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. laserjet coating kits. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. kit for printer. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. facsimile ribbons. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. transparency film. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. heat transfer paper for copiers. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. toner collectors. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. printer or facsimile or photocopier roller guides. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies. print bands. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies.  plotter pens. these pens are intended to be used only with pen plotters.. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies.  thermal ribbon. heat sensitive ribbon used in credit card terminals, receipt generating machines, and other point of sale machines.. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies.  printer maintenance kit. a set of wear items recommended for periodic maintenance of high volume printers.. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies.  digital duplicating machine ink. an ink in emulsion type that is used for the duplicating machine.. "
"printer and facsimile and photocopier supplies.  photocopier toner. photocopier consumable used to print data captured from the original.. "
"office time recording machines and accessories. . "
"office time recording machines and accessories. time card machines. "
"office time recording machines and accessories. time stamping machines. "
"office time recording machines and accessories. time card machine replacement ribbon. "
"office time recording machines and accessories. time card racks. "
"office time recording machines and accessories. time cards or sheets. "
"office time recording machines and accessories.  fingerprint time attendance and access control machine. a real time monitoring machine for recording attendance or access to the given person.it allows only specified person to access the area or premises.. "
"office time recording machines and accessories.  time card or time clock machine accessories. parts, pieces and components that compose time clock machines as well as their accessories.. "
"binding machine supplies. . "
"binding machine supplies. binding covers. "
"binding machine supplies. binding spines or snaps. "
"binding machine supplies. binding coils or wire loops. "
"binding machine supplies. binding combs or strips. "
"binding machine supplies. binding tape. "
"binding machine supplies. binding kits. "
"binding machine supplies.  binding die punch. element of binding punch machines to make holes in the paper to be bound.. "
"cassette disposal equipment and accessories. . "
"cassette disposal equipment and accessories. cassette or tape shredders. "
