"aliphatic and aromatic compounds. . "
"aliphatic and aromatic compounds. alkanes. "
"aliphatic and aromatic compounds. alkenes. "
"aliphatic and aromatic compounds. alkynes. "
"aliphatic and aromatic compounds. aromatic or heterocyclic compounds. "
"aliphatic and aromatic compounds.  toluene. a mono-substituted benzene derivative, i.e., one in which a single hydrogen atom from a group of six atoms from the benzene molecule has been replaced by a univalent group, in this case ch3. as such, its iupac systematic name is methylbenzene. it is an aromatic hydrocarbon that is widely used as an industrial feedstock and as a solvent. like other solvents, toluene is sometimes also used as an inhalant drug for its intoxicating properties; however, inhaling toluene has potential to cause severe neurological harm. toluene is an important organic solvent, but is also capable of dissolving a number of notable inorganic chemicals such as sulfur, iodine, bromine, phosphorus, and other non-polar covalent substances.. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. . "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organic halogenated compounds. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organic nitro or nitroso compounds. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organo metallic compounds. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. alcohols or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. thio alcohols. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organic acids or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organic salts or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. esters or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. amides or imides. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. ethers or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. thioethers. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. aldehydes or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. ketones or quinones or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. amines or imines or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. cyanides or isocyanides. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. cyanates or isocyanates or thiocyantes or isothiocyanates. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organic oxides. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organic peroxides. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. organic hydroxides. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. ureides or purines or their derivatives. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. azo compounds or its substitutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. azides or azines. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. oximes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. hydrazines or hydrazides or its substitiutes. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. phosphines. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. amidines or imidines. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds. acrylate or methacrylate intermediates. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds.  pyrrolidone. an organic compound used in industrial settings as a high-boiling non-corrosive polar solvent for a wide variety of applications.it is an intermediate product in the manufacture of polymers.. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds.  triclosan. a potent wide spectrum antibacterial and antifungal agent.used as an ingredient in many detergents, dish-washing liquids, soaps, deodorants, cosmetics, lotions, anti-microbial creams, various toothpastes, and an additive in various plastics and textiles.. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds.  freeze conditioner. a chemical compound sprayed over mined coal to keep it from freezing in railroad cars.. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds.  propylene glycol. a liquid alcohol used as a solvent in antifreeze and in the food, plastics, and perfume industries. also called 1,2-propanediol or propane-1,2-diol.. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds.  triethylene glycol. a liquid alcohol used chiefly as a solvent and in medicine as an air disinfectant. also called teg, or triglycol. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds.  ethylene glycol. a liquid alcohol used as an antifreeze in cooling and heating systems and as an additive in the manufacture of polyesters.. "
"organic derivatives and substituted compounds.  methyl ethyl ketone. an organic compound with the formula ch3c(o)ch2ch3. this colorless liquid ketone has a sharp, sweet odor reminiscent of butterscotch and acetone. it is produced industrially on a large scale, and also occurs in trace amounts in nature.  it is soluble in water and is commonly used as an industrial solvent.  in this form it is used in processes involving gums, resins, cellulose acetate and nitrocellulose coatings and in vinyl films.  for this reason it finds use in the manufacture of plastics, textiles, in the production of paraffin wax, and in household products such as lacquer, varnishes, paint remover, a denaturing agent for denatured alcohol, glues, and as a cleaning agent.. "
"biochemicals. . "
"biochemicals. carbohydrates or its derivatives. "
"biochemicals. proteins. "
"biochemicals. antibodies. "
"biochemicals.  enzymes. in this classification, this entry connotes a enzymes enzyme that is used in clinical chemistry testing.. "
"biochemicals. nutrients. "
"biochemicals. tissues. "
"biochemicals. cultures and fluids. "
"biochemicals. nucleic acids. "
"biochemicals. amino acids or its derivatives. "
"biochemicals. alkaloids. "
"biochemicals. fats or lipids. "
"biochemicals. terpenoids. "
"inorganic compounds. . "
"inorganic compounds. inorganic acids. "
"inorganic compounds. inorganic metal salts. "
"inorganic compounds. inorganic oxides. "
"inorganic compounds. inorganic peroxides. "
"inorganic compounds. inorganic hydroxides. "
"inorganic compounds. inorganic hydrides. "
"inorganic compounds. acid halides or its substitutes. "
"inorganic compounds.  silicates. silicates includes oxygenated compounds containing silicon eg: asbestos, talc etc. their aplications vary and may be fillers in plastics, rubber,cements.. "
"inorganic compounds.  silica. silica is pure sand and inorganic in nature with apllications like in ceramics, glass, abrasives, etc.. "
"inorganic compounds.  silicones. silicones are siloxane polymers based on silicons and oxygen used for adhesives, sealants etc. "
"inorganic compounds.  alumina and other aluminum compounds. alumina and other aluminium compounds readly absorb water from air and are powdery coumponds of aluminum used in varied application based on the use and perspective of the same chemistry by different people.. "
"inorganic compounds. potassium permanganate. "
"inorganic compounds.  ammonium sulphate. an inorganic chemical compound with the formula (nh4)2so4 commonly used as a fertilizer. it contains 21% nitrogen as ammonium ions and 24% sulfur as sulfate ions.. "
"inorganic compounds.  liquid silicone rubber lsr. a high purity platinum cured silicone with low compression set, great stability and ability to resist extreme temperatures of heat and cold ideally suitable for production of parts.used in products that require high precision such as seals, sealing membranes, electric connectors, multi-pin connectors, infant products where smooth surfaces are desired, such as bottle nipples, medical applications as well kitchen goods such as baking pans, spatulas, etc. "
"inorganic compounds.  sodium hydroxide. a chemical compound known as naoh. "
"inorganic compounds.  aluminum fluoride. an inorganic compound used in production of aluminum. "
"inorganic compounds.  calcium fluoride. an inorganic compound used in production of aluminum. "
"inorganic compounds. calcium hydroxide. "
"inorganic compounds. potassium hydroxide. "
"inorganic compounds. acetylene glycol. "
"inorganic compounds.  sulphuric acid. a highly corrosive strong mineral acid with the molecular formula h2so4. it is a pungent, colorless to slightly yellow viscous liquid which is soluble in water at all concentrations. it is widely produced with different methods, such as contact process, wet sulfuric acid process and some other methods. sulfuric acid is produced from sulfur, oxygen and water via the conventional contact process (dcda) or the wet sulfuric acid process (wsa). most sulfuric acid production (60 percent) is consumed for fertilizers, particularly superphosphates, ammonium phosphate and ammonium sulfates. about 20 percent is used in chemical industry for production of detergents, synthetic resins, dyestuffs, pharmaceuticals, petroleum catalysts, insecticides and antifreeze, as well as in various processes such as oil well acidicizing, aluminium reduction, paper sizing, water treatment. about 6 percent of uses are related to pigments and include paints, enamels, printing inks, coated fabrics and paper, and the rest is dispersed into a multitude of applications such as production of explosives, cellophane, acetate and viscose textiles, lubricants, non-ferrous metals and batteries.. "
"inorganic compounds.  hydrochloric acid. a clear, colorless, highly pungent solution of hydrogen chloride (hcl) in water. it is a highly corrosive, strong mineral acid with many industrial uses. hydrochloric acid is found naturally in gastric acid.  it is used in the chemical industry as a chemical reagent in the large-scale production of vinyl chloride for pvc plastic, and mdi/tdi for polyurethane. it has numerous smaller-scale applications, including household cleaning, production of gelatin and other food additives, descaling, and leather processing. "
"mixtures. . "
"mixtures. organic chemical mixtures. "
"mixtures. inorganic chemical mixtures. "
"fixatives. . "
"fixatives. formaldehydes. "
"fixatives. glutarals. "
"fixatives. tannins. "
"fluorochemicals. monomer or organic compounds containing fluorine. examples include hydrofluoric acid (hf), hexafluoropropylene (hfp), and trifluoroacetic acid (tfa). . "
"fluorochemicals. monomer or organic compounds containing fluorine. examples include hydrofluoric acid (hf), hexafluoropropylene (hfp), and trifluoroacetic acid (tfa). trifluoroacetic acid tfa. a carboxylic acid and reagent with the formula cf3co2h used frequently in organic synthesis because of a combination of convenient properties: volatility, solubility in organic solvents, and its strength.it is also less oxidizing than sulfuric acid but mo. "
"fluorochemicals. monomer or organic compounds containing fluorine. examples include hydrofluoric acid (hf), hexafluoropropylene (hfp), and trifluoroacetic acid (tfa). hydrofluoric acid, anhydrous hf. a solution of hydrogen fluoride in water. precursor to almost all fluorine compounds.. "
"fluorochemicals. monomer or organic compounds containing fluorine. examples include hydrofluoric acid (hf), hexafluoropropylene (hfp), and trifluoroacetic acid (tfa). hexafluoropropylene hfp. a fluorocarbon alkene in which all of the hydrogen atoms in propylene are replaced by fluorine atoms. it is used as a chemical intermediate.. "
"fluorochemicals. monomer or organic compounds containing fluorine. examples include hydrofluoric acid (hf), hexafluoropropylene (hfp), and trifluoroacetic acid (tfa). fluorinated refrigerants. includes r22 (chlorodifluoromethane), 134a (1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane) and 142b (1-chloro-1,1-difluoroethane), etc.. "
