"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. . "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. helpdesk or call center software. software to enable help desk and call center applications.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. procurement software. procuremente software is used for managing contracts and agreements with suppliers, negotiating conditions, and buying products and services.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. human resources software. time accounting or human resources software manage employee evaluations, track wages and absenteeism, maintain safety records and vacation time off. they organize business contacts of employees, manage meetings and track agendas, follow up on critical tasks and generate custom reports . these soft ware have an inbuilt time accounting software which helps to manage time .examples are hrtrack,workindex ,hr guide, etc. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software. software to enable supply chain.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. project management software. project management software is a software tool for assisting in the process of planning, organising, staffing,directing and controlling the production of a system. an example of a project management software is pert chart editor. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. inventory management software. these software are used to maintain the inventory of companies and restaurents. this software make use of barcodes or unique ids for their inventory management system .some of the inventory management software are tracrite software,accurateid,ordersplus,clevertool,aldata software etc.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. bar coding software. bar coding software is a software used to interpret bar codes for identifying commercial products or parts also labeling printing .. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. label making software. label-making software allows users to create and print custom labels complete with graphics.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. expert system software. software to enable expert system creation and management. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. license management software. allowing an individual or group to use a piece of software. nearly all applications are licensed rather than sold. there are a variety of different types of software licenses. some are based on the number machines on which the licensed program can run whereas others are based on the number of users that can use the program. most personal computer software licenses allow you to run the program on only one machine and to make copies of the software only for backup purposes. some licenses also allow you to run the program on different computers as long as you dont use the copies simultaneously.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. office suite software. software that includes integrated modules for word processing, spreadsheet, e-mail, presentations, data management and analysis. general share the same command formatting for ease of transfering data from one module to another.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. sales and marketing software. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. mailing and shipping software. software that offices can use as an alternative to postage meters to print postage stamps and shipping labels.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. audit software. software for internal control and audit to companies, used to analyze and extract data, forgery detection and constant monitoring.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. procedure management software. software for the management, follow-up and control of various work flow procedures defined that may be monitored in the search of higher efficacy and reduction of time and costs.. "
"business function specific software. business transaction and personal business software covers business transactions,auditing ,forecasting and accounting .. process mapping and design software. software which provides users ability to create process maps and designs.  for example, visio.. "
"finance accounting and enterprise resource planning erp software. software for accounts payable, accounts receivable, billing, cost analysis, tax preparation. also used to maintain the financial reports for audit. examples of the accounting softwares are 1. businessvision 32 (businessvision) ,2. businessworks (sage software) ,3. epeachtree (peachtree/sage software) ,4. m.y.o.b (m.y.o.b. software),5. netledger (netledger) ,6. one write plus (peachtree software / sage software) ,7. peachtree complete accounting (peachtree software / sage software) 8. quickbooks for the web (intuit) .9. quickbooks pro 2001 (intuit) ,. . "
"finance accounting and enterprise resource planning erp software. software for accounts payable, accounts receivable, billing, cost analysis, tax preparation. also used to maintain the financial reports for audit. examples of the accounting softwares are 1. businessvision 32 (businessvision) ,2. businessworks (sage software) ,3. epeachtree (peachtree/sage software) ,4. m.y.o.b (m.y.o.b. software),5. netledger (netledger) ,6. one write plus (peachtree software / sage software) ,7. peachtree complete accounting (peachtree software / sage software) 8. quickbooks for the web (intuit) .9. quickbooks pro 2001 (intuit) ,. accounting software. software to enable business functions relating to accounting and management. "
"finance accounting and enterprise resource planning erp software. software for accounts payable, accounts receivable, billing, cost analysis, tax preparation. also used to maintain the financial reports for audit. examples of the accounting softwares are 1. businessvision 32 (businessvision) ,2. businessworks (sage software) ,3. epeachtree (peachtree/sage software) ,4. m.y.o.b (m.y.o.b. software),5. netledger (netledger) ,6. one write plus (peachtree software / sage software) ,7. peachtree complete accounting (peachtree software / sage software) 8. quickbooks for the web (intuit) .9. quickbooks pro 2001 (intuit) ,. enterprise resource planning erp software. software to enable product planning implementations.. "
"finance accounting and enterprise resource planning erp software. software for accounts payable, accounts receivable, billing, cost analysis, tax preparation. also used to maintain the financial reports for audit. examples of the accounting softwares are 1. businessvision 32 (businessvision) ,2. businessworks (sage software) ,3. epeachtree (peachtree/sage software) ,4. m.y.o.b (m.y.o.b. software),5. netledger (netledger) ,6. one write plus (peachtree software / sage software) ,7. peachtree complete accounting (peachtree software / sage software) 8. quickbooks for the web (intuit) .9. quickbooks pro 2001 (intuit) ,. tax preparation software. software for managing and preparing financial information for tax reporting purposes.. "
"finance accounting and enterprise resource planning erp software. software for accounts payable, accounts receivable, billing, cost analysis, tax preparation. also used to maintain the financial reports for audit. examples of the accounting softwares are 1. businessvision 32 (businessvision) ,2. businessworks (sage software) ,3. epeachtree (peachtree/sage software) ,4. m.y.o.b (m.y.o.b. software),5. netledger (netledger) ,6. one write plus (peachtree software / sage software) ,7. peachtree complete accounting (peachtree software / sage software) 8. quickbooks for the web (intuit) .9. quickbooks pro 2001 (intuit) ,. financial analysis software. software for gathering information and conducting financial analysis.. "
"finance accounting and enterprise resource planning erp software. software for accounts payable, accounts receivable, billing, cost analysis, tax preparation. also used to maintain the financial reports for audit. examples of the accounting softwares are 1. businessvision 32 (businessvision) ,2. businessworks (sage software) ,3. epeachtree (peachtree/sage software) ,4. m.y.o.b (m.y.o.b. software),5. netledger (netledger) ,6. one write plus (peachtree software / sage software) ,7. peachtree complete accounting (peachtree software / sage software) 8. quickbooks for the web (intuit) .9. quickbooks pro 2001 (intuit) ,. time accounting software. software for enabling a user to submit and manage time accountanting for human resources.. "
"computer game or entertainment software. software that is designed for playing games on a computer.. . "
"computer game or entertainment software. software that is designed for playing games on a computer.. action games. software games that focus on action and dexterity skills. "
"computer game or entertainment software. software that is designed for playing games on a computer.. adventure games. software games that focus on adventure and strategy. "
"computer game or entertainment software. software that is designed for playing games on a computer.. sports games. software games that focus on sporting events or assimilate sports. "
"computer game or entertainment software. software that is designed for playing games on a computer.. family software. family titles are software whose content is purely used to provide information to the entire family. they include cooking, gardening, astrology, automobile and other titles of interest to the whole family.. "
"computer game or entertainment software. software that is designed for playing games on a computer.. music or sound editing software. music or sound editing software is used to convert the music/sound available in analog format such as in vinyl lps and audio tapes to digital format to be stored in a computer harddisk or in a cd.extra features are built in to these software to enhance special effects for fade ins/outs, noise filtering, volume adjustment, etc.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. . "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. pattern design software. this commodity includes a software tool that allows one to design and print their own customizede cross-stich or grip work patterns from hand drawn or imported photos or images.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. graphics or photo imaging software. software to draw, manipulate images, color, type, special effects for print or presentation programs. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. video creation and editing software. software to enable video production. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. word processing software. software that allows users to create, edit, store, and print documents.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. charting software. software that provides templates for adding the drawing and diagramming of charts.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. presentation software. presentation software are application software for creating presentations, speeches, slides, etc.they employ colorful graphics to present business information and other complicated data in easy-to-read charts and graphs in order to make immediate comprehension easier.powerpoint is an example for presentation software.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. web page creation and editing software. this is an editing software used for webpage developing.it is preferably used for its easy access and working.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. calendar and scheduling software. an application that helps in scheduling or planning the activities electronically. the print out of the schedule can also be made.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. spreadsheet software. spreadsheet software is a type of application program which manipulates numerical and string data in rows and columns of cells. the value in a cell can be calculated from a formula which can involve other cells. a value is recalculated automatically whenever a value on which it depends changes. different cells may be displayed with different formats.microsoft, lotus, borland and many other companies offer windows-based spreadsheet programs. some spreadsheet support three-dimensional matrices and cyclic references which lead to iterative calculation.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. optical character reader ocr or scanning software. optical character recognition (ocr) is the process of converting an image of text, such as a scanned paper document or electronic fax file, into electronic text. the text in an image is not editable: the letters are made of tiny dots (pixels) that together form a picture of text. during ocr, the software analyzes an image and converts the pictures of the characters to editable text based on the patterns of the pixels in the image. ocr also enables screen readers and refreshable braille displays to read the text contained in some images. the software used for ocr is called ocr software.. "
"content authoring and editing software. software designed for users to create content objects.. desktop publishing software. desktop publishing (dtp) software combine text and graphics into documents such as books, magazines, brochures, and manuals by using a computer system and high-resolution output devices.. "
"content management software. contact management software is a software used to managing the business contacts of an organisation or individual.it is used to organise all the data pertaining to a potential business contacts information such as all the phone #s, addresses, email addresses, website addresses and other relevent data.. . "
"content management software. contact management software is a software used to managing the business contacts of an organisation or individual.it is used to organise all the data pertaining to a potential business contacts information such as all the phone #s, addresses, email addresses, website addresses and other relevent data.. content workflow software. scheduling software is an application software which helps organise daily activities of a person.. "
"content management software. contact management software is a software used to managing the business contacts of an organisation or individual.it is used to organise all the data pertaining to a potential business contacts information such as all the phone #s, addresses, email addresses, website addresses and other relevent data.. document management software. the document imaging and document management software help in finding files faster, organize documents easily, save space and distribute information.some of the document management softwares are worlddox ,laserfiche etc.. "
"content management software. contact management software is a software used to managing the business contacts of an organisation or individual.it is used to organise all the data pertaining to a potential business contacts information such as all the phone #s, addresses, email addresses, website addresses and other relevent data.. file versioning software. software to version content files for archive and publishing for use in a information technology system.. "
"content management software. contact management software is a software used to managing the business contacts of an organisation or individual.it is used to organise all the data pertaining to a potential business contacts information such as all the phone #s, addresses, email addresses, website addresses and other relevent data.. embedded text entry software. "
"content management software. contact management software is a software used to managing the business contacts of an organisation or individual.it is used to organise all the data pertaining to a potential business contacts information such as all the phone #s, addresses, email addresses, website addresses and other relevent data.. fonts software. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. . "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. categorization or classification software. software to manage business classifications.. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. clustering software. software for combining and sharing resources across different technology tiers and architectures. allows multiple computers or servers to be clustered together. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. customer relationship management crm software. software to manage customer interactions.. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. data base management system software. a database is an organized body of related information and database software is a software which helps to organise the set of related informations. by making use of this software we can store the related informations and retrieve it whenever neccessary.some of the examples for these kind of softwares are ms acess ver 97/2000(dbms), oracle ver 7.1/8/9 (rdbms),sybase (rdbms), sql server 6.5/7/2000 (rdbms). "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. data base reporting software. software to create and manage database reporting capabilities. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. data base user interface and query software. software to manage a query and presentation interface to access database data. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. data mining software. software to access and algorithmically extract information from a data source. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. information retrieval or search software. software to leverage indexing routines to access and retrieve data from data sources. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. metadata management software. software to manage and store metadata objects.. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. object oriented data base management software. software to manage and store object based databases. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. portal server software. software to manage and create information portals. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. transaction server software. transaction server software are a designers or developers suite of software that helps programmers isolate the business logic in their programs from the platform-related code. application servers can handle all of the application logic and connectivity found in client-server application. many application servers also offer features such as transaction management, clustering and failover, and load balancing; nearly all offer odbc support.. "
"data management and query software. software to retrieve and analyze data from information technology systems.. business intelligence and data analysis software. a type of application software designed to assist with business intelligence bi. specifically, it is about tools assisting in the analysis and data presentation.. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. . "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. configuration management software. configuration management software is a software tool used to apply tchnical and administrative controls to a)identification and documentation of physical and functional characteristics of configuration items (configuration item is a hardware or software, or an aggregate of both, which is designated by the project configuration manager for configuration management) b)any changes to characteristics of those configuration items and )recording and reporting of change processing and implementation of the system.. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. development environment software. software to assist in the creation and management of successful information technology systems.. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. enterprise application integration software. software to integrate application data and processes. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. graphical user interface development software. gui tools are software programs used to develop programs which run in a windows environment.examples are visual basic, visual foxpro, visual c++.. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. object or component oriented development software. software to build object orientated software systems.. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. program testing software. program testing software is a software tool used to test and evaluate a program to ensure that it complies with the requirements specified during its development cycle.. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. requirements analysis and system architecture software. software to develop requirements and architecture for computer systems.. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. web platform development software. software to develop web platform capabilities. "
"development software. development software is a software used in the analysis, design, coding and testing of software.. compiler and decompiler software. a program that converts another program from some source language (or programming language) to machine language (object code). some compilers output assembly language which is then converted to machine language by a separate assembler.. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. . "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. foreign language software. foreign language translation software are also known as machine translators; they provide approximate translations to and from english and another language. also, software to aid in learning or translating languages. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. computer based training software. training software are otherwise known as cbts(computer based training) softwares. they provide a medium of instruction with interactive software used for self phased training purposes.. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. spell checkers. software for checking the spelling of words in digital file against a dictionary of preferred spellings.. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. route navigation software. software for assisting the user in managing a user in moving from one geography to another in a selected path or route.. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. multi-media educational software. multi-media software that often uses adventure storylines, gaming elements and friendly characters to stimulate and educate children. the emphasis is on the child exploring a virtual world or adventure that makes the learning process fun.. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. encyclopedia software. a software version of an encyclopedia with multi-media presentations, definitions and articles that provides the same sort of information as traditional book based encyclopedias. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. dictionary software. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. phonebook software. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. voice synthesizer and recognition software. software capable of processing a persons voice with purposes of identification, education, guidance to disabled people and other scientific character purposes.. "
"educational or reference software. software for developing tools for learning.. geographic information system. a system which integrates hardware, software, and data for capturing, managing, analyzing, and displaying all forms of geographically referenced information. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. . "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. aviation ground support software. aviation ground support software are software developed for the entire gamut of aircraft support from ground which includes aircraft maintenence, baggage handling and other infrastructure which support the aircraft at ground.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. aviation test software. aviation test software are software used to train the pilot in the ground before the actual flight testing.these software simulate environment within an aircraft and the weather conditions the pilots are likely to encounter during actual flight conditions.examples are microsofts flight simulator. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. facilities management software. facilities management software are used to optimise the resources of a company. they offer built-in reporting capability for moves, assets, space availability,schedule personnel relocation ahead of time and much more. provision is available for ad-hoc custom report generation to meet the unique needs of the company. some of the facilities management softwares are impact xp and architosh for macintosh computers. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. computer aided design cad software. computer aided design software is a software used to design various engineering, architectural, and industrial objects.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. analytical or scientific software. analytical or scientific software are specialised software used for scientific research and analysis by capturing data and performing complex analysis with report,graph and image generating facilities for the scientific community.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. compliance software. compliance softwares serves users by providing software tools and support documents which enable clients to effectively monitor, check, and if necessary, correct essential areas of control. these softwares help with achieving compliance with federal, state, standard or local regulations devices.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. flight control software. flight control software is a software which can correctly identify and respond to changes in aircraft stability and control characteristics, and immediately adjust the control system to maintain the best possible flight performance under both normal and adverse conditions.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. industrial control software. industrial control software is a software that controls, configures and monitors intelligent industrial control devices by operation from a computer or microprocessor.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. library software. software to automate acquisition, cataloging, searching, and circulation functions for books and other library materials.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. medical software. this software tool is used for evaluating,planning or redesigning hospitals and other healthcare procedures.the animation and graphical output reports show the behavior of certain patients and their perfomance. some softwares like emr software,x link software etc will come under this title.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. point of sale pos software. point of sale software are software which are used in sales outlets to register products sold in the outlet.they bill the products sold and give the sales of the day.they generate reports on the sales made.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. computer aided manufacturing cam software. computer aided manufacturing software are specialised programs installed on computers which automate the manufacturing process, particularly the fabrication, assembly, and control aspects of manufacturing.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. manufacturing execution system mes software. a software application that companies can use to measure and control critical production activities.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. computer aided design cad and computer aided manufacturing cam system. software that includes the computer aided design cad to design an object and the computer aided manufacturing cam program to make product.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. facial recognition software. software capable of processing the visual representation of a persons face with purposes of identification, document forgery detection, and security.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. legal management software. legal software that allows to control pending appointments, consultations, procedure status, plaintiffs and defendants, pending and received documents, fees for procedures with their corresponding reports and graphs.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. meteorological control software. software that compiles essential information of the pavement, meteorological and traffic sensors to supervise meteorological conditions that change in real time and help to make timely decisions.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. radar image treatment software. software capable of processing the visual representation of information captured by a sensor mounted in a radar device.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. satellite image treatment software. software capable of processing the visual representation of information captured by a sensor mounted in an artificial satellite.. "
"industry specific software. all industry control,aviation support ,flight control software come under this class.. risk management data and analysis software. software which provides users with access to consortium risk event data, analytics, and contributions to anonymized risk intelligence.. "
"network applications software. software that enables or automates functions relevant to network applications. . "
"network applications software. software that enables or automates functions relevant to network applications. application server software. software to enable application server capabilities. "
"network applications software. software that enables or automates functions relevant to network applications. desktop communications software. desktop communications software is a software tool that co-ordinates the telephone system, address book, fax and e-mail to enable a user to keep in touch with more people more efficiently while working on a computer. its a handy tool for the home and small business.. "
"network applications software. software that enables or automates functions relevant to network applications. interactive voice response software. interactive voice response software is a software used in pbx and voice mail systems, that uses a prerecorded database of voice messages to present options to a user, typically over telephone lines. user input is retrieved via dtmf tone key presses.when used in conjunction with voice mail, for example, these systems typically allow users to store, retrieve, and route messages, as well as interact with an underlying database server which may allow for automated transactions and data processing.. "
"network applications software. software that enables or automates functions relevant to network applications. internet directory services software. software to enable and deliver directory services. "
"network applications software. software that enables or automates functions relevant to network applications. internet browser software. internet browsing software is a program which allows a person to read hypertext. the browser gives some means of viewing the contents of pages and of navigating from one page to another. netscape navigator, ncsa mosaic, lynx, and w3 are examples for browsers for the world-wide web. they act as clients to remote web servers.. "
"network management software. a software developed to view relevant information collected from network devices and application sources through a central point of control. it is used for security purposes, control network communication and help human administrators configure and maintain a network.. . "
"network management software. a software developed to view relevant information collected from network devices and application sources through a central point of control. it is used for security purposes, control network communication and help human administrators configure and maintain a network.. network monitoring software. software to monitor, analyze, and detect network systems.. "
"network management software. a software developed to view relevant information collected from network devices and application sources through a central point of control. it is used for security purposes, control network communication and help human administrators configure and maintain a network.. network operating system enhancement software. operating system enhancement software are used to optimise the operations of a os software in order to finetune it for peak performance in terms of speed and reliability.. "
"network management software. a software developed to view relevant information collected from network devices and application sources through a central point of control. it is used for security purposes, control network communication and help human administrators configure and maintain a network.. optical network management software. software to create and manage optical networks. "
"network management software. a software developed to view relevant information collected from network devices and application sources through a central point of control. it is used for security purposes, control network communication and help human administrators configure and maintain a network.. administration software. administration software is used to manage computers, perpherials and printers in a network.they are capable of distributing software from a central computer, detect every machine on the network, track hardware and software configurations, send key information to a central database and perform other tasks.. "
"network management software. a software developed to view relevant information collected from network devices and application sources through a central point of control. it is used for security purposes, control network communication and help human administrators configure and maintain a network.. internet protocol ip multimedia subsystem software. software concerning ims (ip multimedia subsystem - internet platform). "
"network management software. a software developed to view relevant information collected from network devices and application sources through a central point of control. it is used for security purposes, control network communication and help human administrators configure and maintain a network.. cloud-based management software. software designed to address the challenge of streamlining and optimizing the complex tasks involved in managing hybrid, private, and public cloud-based systems and infrastructure. the software gathers and employs flexible and scalable cloud management tools designed to help enterprises pursue their cloud computing strategies.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. . "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. access software. remote access software is a software that enables remote access of a computer system in a network.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. communications server software. communications server software is a software that provides voice, fax and data messaging solutions for an office or workgroup.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. contact center software. software to enable contact center applications. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. fax software. software to enable fax capabilities. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. lan software. system management software is used by system managers, aiming to minimise the use of excessive, redundant resources to address the overlapping requirements of performance balancing, network management, reducing outages, system maintenance costs, diagnosis and repair, and migration to new hardware and software system versions.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. multiplexer software. multiplexer software multiplexes (combines) several signals for transmission over a single medium.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. storage networking software. storage management software is a software that enables network administrators to route backup data from various devices on a network to another device such as a server or a magnetic tape backup unit. this is done either to make use of a high-capacity storage system such as a tape juke-box or for disaster protection.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. switch or router software. router software is a software that acts as a router between a lan and a ppp or slip link, and allows transparent access from the lan to the internet using a single ip address through network address translation (nat). it can also act as a ppp server for dial-in connections, or route between lans.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. wan switching software and firmware. software to enable wan capabilities in a network. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. wireless software. software to enable wireless capabilities in a network. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. network connectivity terminal emulation software. a program that allows a computer to act like a particular brand of terminal, e.g. a vt-100. the computer thus appears as a terminal to the host computer and accepts the same escape sequences for functions such as cursor positioning and clearing the screen. xterm is a terminal emulator for the x window system.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. gateway software. gateway software is a software that enables data flow between two networks.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. bridge software. bridge software is a software used in a device which forwards traffic between network segments based on data link layer information. these segments would have a common network layer address.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. modem software. modem software is a software used to transmit data over a teleohone line.computer information is stored digitally, whereas information transmitted over telephone lines is transmitted in the form of analog waves. a modem software converts between these two forms.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. platform interconnectivity software. platform interconnectivity software is an interfacing software which facilitates the communication between computers running different operating systems.. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. infrared data transfer irda software. "
"networking software. this class includes all the catogories of software used for networking and management of the resources in a network.. software defined networking/ virtualization software. software-defined networking (sdn) is an emerging architecture that is dynamic, manageable, cost-effective, and adaptable, making it ideal for the high-bandwidth, dynamic nature of todays applications. this architecture decouples the network control and forwarding functions enabling the network control to become directly programmable and the underlying infrastructure to be abstracted for applications and network services.. "
"operating environment software. software that controls the execution of application programs and may provide various services.it serves as an interface between the user and computer system .it runs and supports the system hardware .. . "
"operating environment software. software that controls the execution of application programs and may provide various services.it serves as an interface between the user and computer system .it runs and supports the system hardware .. filesystem software. software to manage and create a file system for a computing device. "
"operating environment software. software that controls the execution of application programs and may provide various services.it serves as an interface between the user and computer system .it runs and supports the system hardware .. network operation system software. an operating system that includes special functions for connecting computers and devices into a local-area network (lan); software that enhances a basic operating system by adding networking features and runs networking devices such as routers and switches. an operating system which includes software to communicate with other computers via a network. this allows resources such as files, application programs, and printers to be shared between computers.. "
"operating environment software. software that controls the execution of application programs and may provide various services.it serves as an interface between the user and computer system .it runs and supports the system hardware .. operating system software. software to provide the operation interface to the computer and provide higher level services and apis. "
"operating environment software. software that controls the execution of application programs and may provide various services.it serves as an interface between the user and computer system .it runs and supports the system hardware .. computer firmware. "
"operating environment software. software that controls the execution of application programs and may provide various services.it serves as an interface between the user and computer system .it runs and supports the system hardware .. virtual machine software. software that emulates a computer and may execute programs like it was a real computer. this software was at the beginning defined as an efficient and isolated duplicate of a physical machine.. "
"operating environment software. software that controls the execution of application programs and may provide various services.it serves as an interface between the user and computer system .it runs and supports the system hardware .. computer imaging software. software which will image a computers operating system and files such that it can be utilized to set up computers with a consistent set up.. "
"security and protection software. file security or data security software are used to prevent access to files or data by allowing only authorised users to access them.they employ password protection or encryption methods on files or data to do their job.. . "
"security and protection software. file security or data security software are used to prevent access to files or data by allowing only authorised users to access them.they employ password protection or encryption methods on files or data to do their job.. authentication server software. software to enable and manage security authentification. "
"security and protection software. file security or data security software are used to prevent access to files or data by allowing only authorised users to access them.they employ password protection or encryption methods on files or data to do their job.. network security or virtual private network vpn management software. software to manage network access abilities.. "
"security and protection software. file security or data security software are used to prevent access to files or data by allowing only authorised users to access them.they employ password protection or encryption methods on files or data to do their job.. network security and virtual private network vpn equipment software. software to configure or maintain security and vpn equipment. "
"security and protection software. file security or data security software are used to prevent access to files or data by allowing only authorised users to access them.they employ password protection or encryption methods on files or data to do their job.. transaction security and virus protection software. virus protection software are programs to detect and remove computer viruses. the simplest kind scans executable files and boot blocks for a list of known viruses. others are constantly active, attempting to detect the actions of general classes of viruses.. "
"security and protection software. file security or data security software are used to prevent access to files or data by allowing only authorised users to access them.they employ password protection or encryption methods on files or data to do their job.. cloud-based protection or security software. software designed to extend user security from device to cloud with data visibility, data loss prevention, and advanced threat protection on a platform that supports an open ecosystem.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. . "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. compact disc cd server software. software for managing information technology systems that utilize the cd format. cd server software is a software that lets users in a network to share cd-rom drives over a network.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. data conversion software. software to convert dates from one format to another. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. data compression software. compression utilities are software used for coding of data to save storage space or transmission time. reduces the kb size of files and directories by temporarily removing spaces. some of the utilities used are pkzip,zip,winzip and gzip.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. compact disc cd or dvd or sound card software. configuration files for allowing for multi-media add-ons to function.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. device drivers or system software. software to provide software interfaces to hardware systems and devices. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. ethernet driver software. the ethernet driver software is a program that acts like a translator between the ethernet and programs that use the device. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. graphics card driver software. a graphics card driver software is a program that acts like a translator between the graphics card and programs that use the device. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. printer driver software. print utility software is a software tool used for retrieving, managing, mailing,distributing, importing and using printed data.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. screen saver software. a program which displays either a completely black image or a constantly changing image on a computer monitor to prevent a stationary image from burning into the phosphor of the screen. screen savers usually start automatically after the computer has had no user input for a preset time. some screen savers come with many different modules, each giving a different effect.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. voice recognition software. voice recognition software are computer software designed to recognise spoken words. dragon speak, naturally speaking and voice xpress are some of the commercially available speech recognition software.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. storage media loading software. storage media loading software is a software used to control the autoloaders and jukeboxes, used to automatically load the data stored on to a drive which reads and writes data on the storage medium,. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. backup or archival software. software which provides flexible, powerful backup protection of desktop computer hard drives and networked drives to (for example) an oit network server or dat tape drive. lost files can be recovered by restoring them from the server or from other backup hardware and media.. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. codec stacks. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. handwriting recognition software components. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. memory drivers. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. multimedia stacks. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. text to speech conversion software. "
"utility and device driver software. software that enables peripherals to interface with the computer, virus protection and backup programs management of a computer network. video drivers. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. . "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. electronic mail software. this software is used to compose, send and receive electronic mails.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. video conferencing software. video conferencing software is a software which enables the users of computers to join in a audio/video conference using their computers and the internet.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. network conferencing software. networking conferencing software is a software which enables the users of computers to join in a conference using their computers and the internet to share files, control over their computers, and real time data.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. instant messaging software. a type of communication service to create a private chat room with an individual on the internet. this service will alert you whenever someone on your private line is trying to contact you.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. ambient music or advertising messaging software. this software contains pre-recorded music or messages to be played for callers on hold. this software may also offer the ability to customize message content, the scheduling of messages and sequence of messages played to callers on hold.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. map creation software. mapping software is a software tool used for mapping data on a map. it is a software used for surveying, mapping and engineering.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. mobile operator specific standard software. standard software licenses for specific mobile operators needs, e.g.: billing sw, network planning sw, crm sw, mobile communication sw, network quality management sw, network monitoring sw, workflow management sw, network security sw.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. mobile operator specific application software. non standard software (fixed price based development) for specific mobile operators needs, e.g.: billing sw, network planning sw, crm sw, mobile communication sw, network quality management sw, network monitoring sw, workflow management sw, network security sw.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. mobile messaging service software. software for short message service, multi media service, multimedia box, voice mail, interactive voice recognition, unified messaging etc.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. mobile internet services software. software for wap, video streaming, video conferencing etc.. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. mobile location based services software. software for location based content. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. ring tone software. "
"information exchange software. a program that performs a very specific task, usually related to managing system resources. cloud-based data access and sharing software. software that provides a way of sharing and co-authoring computer files through the use of cloud computing, whereby documents are uploaded to a central \"cloud\" for storage,[1] where they can then be accessed by others. cloud collaboration technologies allow users to upload, comment and collaborate on documents and even amend the document itself, evolving the document.. "
"electrical equipment software. . "
"electrical equipment software. motor drive software. "
"electrical equipment software. power monitor software. "
"electrical equipment software. programmable logic control software. "
"system management software. specialized software to manage activities across it systems, evaluating capacity, user activities, software inventory and installation, server availability, and virus or malware protection. provides the tools and process for controlling and monitoring computer networks, including: operating systems, applications, network devices, security measures, mainframes, access control systems, web services and databases. includes configuration and change management, asset management, performance and fault detection management, workflow and output management, data backup and storage management, etc. also called enterprise system management software, management software, systems management tools, infrastructure software and system management tools.. . "
"system management software. specialized software to manage activities across it systems, evaluating capacity, user activities, software inventory and installation, server availability, and virus or malware protection. provides the tools and process for controlling and monitoring computer networks, including: operating systems, applications, network devices, security measures, mainframes, access control systems, web services and databases. includes configuration and change management, asset management, performance and fault detection management, workflow and output management, data backup and storage management, etc. also called enterprise system management software, management software, systems management tools, infrastructure software and system management tools.. enterprise system management software. specialized software to manage activities across enterprise it systems, evaluating capacity, user activities, software inventory and installation, server availability, and virus or malware protection. provides the tools and process for controlling and monitoring computer networks, including: operating systems, applications, network devices, security measures, mainframes, access control systems, web services and databases.. "
