"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. . "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. blow molding machines. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. coating machines. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. extruders. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. injection molding machines. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. rubber or plastic presses. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. thermo forming machines. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. vacuum molding machines. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. vulcanizing machines. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. plastic cutting machinery. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. plastic grinding machinery. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. rubber or plastic mills. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. rubber or plastic extrusion dies. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. plastic injection molds. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. thermoforming molds. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. ejector pins. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies. in mold decoration imd cylinder. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  dip molding equipment. equipment used in dip molding processes.. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  urethane foam molding and processing equipment. equipment used in the manufacture of polyurethane foam-based products.. "
"rubber and plastic processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  rotational molding equipment. equipment used to manufacture products using rotation molding processes. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. . "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. blowers or dryers. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. crushers. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. fusion welding or glass drawing machines. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. grinding or polishing machines. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. cement or ceramic or glass or similar material molding machines. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. presses. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies. sifters. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies.  glass blowing instrument. an instrument that is used to shape molten glass by blowing on the glass lump that is softened by heat.. "
"cement and ceramics and glass industry machinery and equipment and supplies.  micropipette puller. a type of precision control equipment that removes and handles ultra fine glass tubes after heating.. "
"optical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. . "
"optical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. lens grinding machines. "
"optical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. lens measuring equipment. "
"optical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. lens polishing equipment. "
"optical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. lens testing equipment. "
"optical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. optical vacuum coating equipment. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. . "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. ampoule filling equipment. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. bottle cappers or cotton inserters or safety seal applicators. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. capsulating machines. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. reactors or fermenters or digesters. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. filling or sealing auger dose machines. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. pharmaceutical filters or ultra filters. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. freezedryers or lyophilzers. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. granulators. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. pharmaceutical sieve or screening machines. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. sterile or aseptic processing or filling machines. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. tablet or capsule testing machines. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. tablet counters. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. tabletting machines. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. vaccine production equipment. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. chromatography columns. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. chromatography media. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. sterility test devices. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. filter integrity testers. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. filter cartridge adapter. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. adapters or connectors or fittings for pharmaceutical filter housings. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies. diagnostic radiopharmaceutical. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies.  pharmacy compounder or accessories. equipment used to compound pharmaceuticals including tpn solutions.. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies.  filter and mixer tank unit. equipment used in pharmaceutical production for mass processing of liquid chemicals. comprised of blending tank, mixer, filter, and dump.. "
"pharmaceutical industry machinery and equipment and supplies.  dissolution or disintegration verification equipment. equipment for the verification of an homogeneous mix and which components are in proportion that varies among certain limits. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies. . "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies. cutters. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies. slitters. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies. washing or dewatering machines. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies. winders. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies. wood pulp or dissolver machines. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies. calenders for paper or cardboard making. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  screen drum or sieve. a device of wire mesh or closely perforated metal, used for straining, sifting, ricing, or pureeing a filter to retain larger pieces while smaller pieces and liquids pass through.. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  mechanical pulp refiner. a machine that passes wood chips between one rotating -rotor- and one stationary -stator- metal discs. this process is called refining and produces a pulp often referred to as a refiner mechanical pulp.. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  wood pulper. a type of paper making equipment that dissolves wood pulp or old paper in water to make a slurry that is then processed into paper.. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  flotator. a type of equipment used in paper recycling that removes ink from the recovered fiber by injecting air bubbles which adhere to the ink and float.. "
"paper making and paper processing machinery and equipment and supplies.  paper machine. a machine comprised of 4 process units that uses a specially woven plastic fabric mesh conveyor belt in the wet end to create a continuous paper web transforming a source of wood pulp into a final paper product.. "
"web handling and control machinery and equipment and supplies. . "
"web handling and control machinery and equipment and supplies. corona treaters. "
"web handling and control machinery and equipment and supplies. flame treaters. "
"separation machinery and equipment. . "
"separation machinery and equipment. vibratory separation equipment or parts or screens. "
"separation machinery and equipment. stationary separation equipment or parts or screens. "
"separation machinery and equipment. air classification equipment or parts or screens. "
"separation machinery and equipment. centrifugal separation equipment or parts or screens. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  electromechanical vibrator. this machine has eccentric weights mounted to a shaft on top and bottom and the shaft is rotated by means of a motor. vibration intensity is controlled by varying the angle between the two weights. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  urethane profile vibratory separation screen. separation equipment screens made of urethane.. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  profile wire vibratory separation screen. separation equipment screen made of profile wire. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  punch plate vibratory separation screen. separation equipment screen based on punch plate action. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  urethane coated punch plate vibratory separation screen. punch plate-based separation equipment screen that has been coated with urethane. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  urethane or rubber wire vibratory separation screen. separation equipment screen made of urethane wire or rubber wire. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  woven wire vibratory separation screen. separation equipment screen made of woven wire. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  urethane coated woven wire vibratory separation screen. separation equipment screen made of woven wire that has been coated with urethane. "
"separation machinery and equipment.  vibro shifter. a type of separator machine that sorts granular material by designated size using a mesh net.. "
"manufacturing tables and stands. . "
"manufacturing tables and stands. rotary tables. "
"manufacturing tables and stands. stack stands. "
"manufacturing tables and stands. engine or component test stands. "
"manufacturing tables and stands. machine guarding. "
"manufacturing tables and stands. band saw tables. "
"manufacturing tables and stands. barrier guarding. "
"packaging machinery. . "
"packaging machinery. wrapping machinery. "
"packaging machinery. form or fill or seal machinery. "
"packaging machinery. packaging vacuum. "
"packaging machinery. packaging hoppers. "
"packaging machinery. carton forming machines. "
"packaging machinery. taping machines. "
"packaging machinery.  packaging machinery supplies. includes sealing bars and wires, suckers that grab paper or plastics, plows that push box lids down, heaters for film, vacuum dies, steel rule cutting dies, fingers that hold open bags for filling, etc.. "
"packaging machinery.  bottle washing machine. a machine that removes impure substances from the interior and exterior surfaces of bottles and processes them for washing, sterilizing and drying.. "
"packaging machinery.  commodity sorting machine. a machine that processes bulk product through a diverter whereupon sorted products are then classified manually or automatically using a reader.. "
"packaging machinery.  automatic bag making machine. a machine that produces single opening containers or sacks made of paper, vinyl and various other materials.. "
"packaging machinery.  shoe closing machine. tool that sews, glues or closes with a sensing device regulating the height of the shoe for a better ironing.. "
"packaging machinery.  bottle capping machine. machine that caps bottles through a rotational movement with the help of an upper belt conveyor supplied with magnets.  only caps adopting the right position are adhered.. "
"packaging machinery.  canning seamer. equipment used for sealing the lid to the can body.. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. . "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. calibration jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. guide jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. master jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. needle jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. shaft jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. checking jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. setting jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. camera jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. pickup jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. removal jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. nozzle jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. sliding jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. centering jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. inspecting jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. feeder jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. clutch jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. alignment jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. positioning jig. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. lifter plate. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. tape guide. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. tape feed jaw. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. power feeder. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. feeder harness. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. feed jaw. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. mechanical gripper. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. holder jaw. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. jaw assembly. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. stationary jaw. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. jig block. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. linear motion guides. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. measuring jigs. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. ring jigs. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. throat plate. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. machine rails. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. finger plates. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. keeper plates. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices. feed roll assembly. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices.  trestle. a frame consisting of a horizontal beam fastened to two pairs of spreading legs, used to support planks to form a table, platform, etc.. "
"holding and positioning and guiding systems and devices.  machine rail carriage. a material handling accessory used in machining operations.. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. . "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. pitch stopper. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. paper stopper. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. stopper pad. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. machine way wipers. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. machine mounts or vibration isolators. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. wear plates or bars or strips. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. dust deflectors. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. sprocket hubs. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. feed or drive rollers. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. feed roller covers. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. saw dust chutes. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. machinery dust covers. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. cutting or chipping heads. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. guide beds. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories. link arms. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories.  electro discharge machine edm wire. attachment used in a wire electro discharge machine edm. removes metal by burning the work piece with a very thin wire instead of cutting or grinding. one of three basic types of edm. the other two are electrode edm and small-hole edm.. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories.  accordion bellows. accordion bellows are convoluted, expandable, fabric or elastomer components used to protect screws, shafts, slide ways and other components from liquid, chips, dirt and other debris. accordion bellows are round, square or rectangular in shape and can be manufactured with a variety of end configurations and options. round and square accordion bellows can have either four closed sides, or three open sides and one closed side.. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories.  spray nozzle. a specialized nozzle used to spray coal as it is being mined to control dust. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories.  spray block. block that holds and supplies the water to dust supression spray in coal mining operations. "
"industrial machinery components and accessories.  spray gun. an applicator resembling a gun for applying liquid substances in the form of a spray.. "
"robotics. . "
"robotics. paint robots. "
"robotics. pick or place robots. "
"robotics. sealant adhesive robots. "
"robotics. welding robots. "
"robotics.  machine tending robot. robotic equipment used to load and unload machines. for example, stand-alone robots used for automatic loading/unloading machining equipment.. "
"robotics.  material removal robot. stand alone robots used for removing material (i.e. grinding).. "
"robotics.  cleaning robot. a type of machine that is used to remove dust or debris inside a duct or pipe.. "
"assembly machines. . "
"assembly machines. adhesive or glue application systems. "
"assembly machines. assembly fixtures. "
"assembly machines. specialty assembly. "
"assembly machines. assembly systems for chassis vehicle operation vo. "
"assembly machines. unlimited component assembly. "
"assembly machines. powertrain complete lines. "
"assembly machines. surface mount device. "
"assembly machines. fill test. "
"assembly machines. non portable nutrunner multispindle. "
"assembly machines. body skids. "
"assembly machines. tire mounting inflating. "
"assembly machines. gullotine shears. "
"assembly machines. glass insertion pick up pu application. "
"assembly machines. articulating lazy arms. "
"assembly machines. automatic chassis decking. "
"assembly machines. flexible components. "
"assembly machines. miscellaneous assembly machines. "
"assembly machines.  custom assembly fixtures or tooling. one-off devices built specifically for a particular production or assembly task. "
"assembly machines.  custom single station machine. single station machine designed and built for the assembly of specifically designed components or systems. "
"assembly machines.  wire and cable assembly machine. assembly machine used in the fabrication of wire and cable.. "
"assembly machines.  twister or stranding machine. a machine that is used to manufacture rope, power cable, communication cable and the like by twisting the strands together to make a single stronger product.. "
"paint systems. . "
"paint systems. paint application system. "
"paint systems. paint booth repair. "
"paint systems. paint systems ovens. "
"paint systems. paint plant layout or engineering. "
"paint systems. turn key paint system. "
"paint systems. phosphate or e coat paint system. "
"paint systems. miscellaneous or miscellaneous paint shop. "
"paint systems. miscellaneous paint systems. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. . "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. acid etch marking machines. acid etch marking machines incise an image, code, or mark into the surface of the metal part using an acid. the acid eats the metal, leaving behind roughened areas, or if the surface exposed to the acid is very narrow, burning a line into the plate.. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. laser marking machine. machine using a laser beam to create a permanent mark, code, or design on a part for identification and/or tracking purposes.. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. pinstamp marking machine. a pneumatically driven and returned conical tipped pin that permanently indents the marking surface to form either dot matrix or continuous line characters.. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. laser etching tool. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. dot marking machine. a type of etching or marking machine in which a mark is made with a special pen on the surface of the metal material being processed.. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. electro etcher marking machine. a machine that uses electrolysis to mark metal material using an electrolytic marking stencil or character plate.. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. inkjet marking machine. a machine that uses a computer adjustable inkjet stream to mark processed material.. "
"part marking machines. part marking machines are used to mark parts within a code or other information that is used for traceability.. electronic tube marking machine. a machine that uses electrically generated heat transfer to mark tube material.. "
"precision fastening or torque equipment. torque equipment used for precision joining and assembly of products.. . "
"precision fastening or torque equipment. torque equipment used for precision joining and assembly of products.. pulse tool. a pulse tool combines the speed of an impact with the repeatability of a shut-off nutrunner. shut-off pulse tools take speed and low torque reaction and add advanced automatic shut-off mechanisms to take the operator and the guesswork out of the fastening equation.. "
"precision fastening or torque equipment. torque equipment used for precision joining and assembly of products.. nutrunner. a type of controlled nut driver, often with torque transducers in the head. it is used in precision fastening and assembly applications, and can be interfaced with spc software for quality control.. "
"coating systems. various systems used to apply coatings to various types of parts. . "
"coating systems. various systems used to apply coatings to various types of parts. electrostatic fluxer. equipment used to apply brazing flux to parts using an electostatic charge. "
"coating systems. various systems used to apply coatings to various types of parts. electrical coil winding machine. machines used for winding electric coils. "
