"sanitary ware. . "
"sanitary ware. bathtubs. "
"sanitary ware. bidets. "
"sanitary ware. showers. "
"sanitary ware. sinks. "
"sanitary ware. toilets. "
"sanitary ware. urinals. "
"sanitary ware. bathtub or shower enclosures. "
"sanitary ware. restroom partitions. "
"sanitary ware. toilet bowls. "
"sanitary ware. toilet tank covers. "
"sanitary ware. toilet tanks. "
"sanitary ware.  sauna. wooden steam cabinet. "
"sanitary ware.  whirlpool tub. type of bathtub featuring water jet-created whirlpool flow of water. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. . "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. soap dish. dish, fixed or otherwise, to hold soap in bath tub, shower, or sink.. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. towel bar or ring or stand or hook. item that is of ring or rail or any other shape, used to hang things, but not exclusive to, towels, wash cloths or other items in a restroom.. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. toilet seat. seat to be attached to a toilet. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. toilet seat lid. lid to be fixed to toilet seat. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. drain. plumbing fitting used as a conduit to remove water, or some other liquid, from somewhere that it is not wanted.. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. robe hook. hooks mounted in bathroom; used to hang robes. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. shower curtain or assembly. shower curtain or assembly including curtain and other parts used to keep water from escaping a showering area.. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. shower rod. mounted devices to hold shower curtains. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. shower caddy. devices used in showers to hold soaps, shampoos, etc. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. toilet tissue holder. specialized device for holding and dispensing toilet paper. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. toothbrush or tumbler holder. fixture, fixed or otherwise, designed to hold toothbrush(es) and/or a tumbler or other drinking vessel for use in a restroom.. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. shaving razor hook. hook or other hanging device to hang a shaving razor.. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. bathtub or whirlpool apron or skirt. a piece of material, usually plastic, used to conceal or hide the inner workings of a bathtub, whirlpool or other bathing apparatus.. "
"non sanitary residential fixtures. non-ceramic plumbing related residential fixtures that are not considered sanitary ware.. soap dispenser. "
"faucets or taps. type of valve that controls water supply to bathtubs and sinks.. . "
"faucets or taps. type of valve that controls water supply to bathtubs and sinks.. spigot. a device for regulating the flow of a liquid from a reservoir such as a pipe, generally found outdoors and not flowing into a vessel such as a sink.. "
"faucets or taps. type of valve that controls water supply to bathtubs and sinks.. faucet unit. a specialized tap for delivering a mixture of hot and cold water into a sink, or other vessel.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. . "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. shower head. a perforated nozzle for spraying water on a bather taking a shower.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. faucet aerator. a device installed in a faucet or showerhead that adds air to the water flow, thereby maintaining an effective water spray while reducing overall water consumption.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. hand held shower unit. hand held device used to spray water within a shower. unit includes hand held shower and hose.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. faucet handle. handle used to start or stop the flow of water from a faucet.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. combination fixed and hand held shower head. a handheld and standard shower head together.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. whirlpool jet. injection devices that are installed in hot tubs, swimming pools, showers or bath tubs to spray water. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. spout. a pipe, tube, or liplike projection through or by which a liquid is discharged, poured, or conveyed, from a faucet.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. rough in valve. plumbing valves which reside behind the wall, or out of sight of the rest of the finished plumbing fixtures.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. hand shower repair kit. kit of hand shower parts used for installation and repair.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. faucet trim. trim piece for faucets not including handle.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. faucet repair kit. kit of internal parts for faucet repair.. "
"faucet and shower heads, jets and parts and accessories. faucet and shower heads, their parts, and any trim parts or accessories.. body spray head. a shower jet used to spray portions of the body directly. "
