"software or hardware engineering. . "
"software or hardware engineering. mainframe software applications design. "
"software or hardware engineering. personal computer pc application design. "
"software or hardware engineering. systems integration design. "
"software or hardware engineering. application programming services. "
"software or hardware engineering. operating system programming services. "
"software or hardware engineering. client or server programming services. "
"software or hardware engineering. erp or database applications programming services. "
"software or hardware engineering. application implementation services. "
"software or hardware engineering. internet or intranet client application development services. "
"software or hardware engineering. internet or intranet server application development services. "
"software or hardware engineering.  system or application programming management service. service involving the management of system or application-specific computer programming. "
"software or hardware engineering.  computer graphics service. service for computer graphics. "
"software or hardware engineering.  internet cloud storage service. service providing remote data storage on internet cloud servers for all forms of data content uploaded from computer and computer-related digital equipment and devices.. "
"computer programmers. . "
"computer programmers. programming for visual basic. "
"computer programmers. programming for java. "
"computer programmers. programming for html. "
"computer programmers. programming for algol. "
"computer programmers. programming for assembler. "
"computer programmers. programming for basic. "
"computer programmers. programming for c or c++. "
"computer programmers. programming for cobol. "
"computer programmers. programming for fortran. "
"computer programmers. programming for pascal. "
"computer programmers. programming for pl/1. "
"computer programmers. programming or proprietary languages. "
"computer programmers. programming for perl. "
"management information systems mis. . "
"management information systems mis. wide area network communications design. "
"management information systems mis. local area network communications design. "
"management information systems mis. electronic data interchange edi design. "
"management information systems mis. database design. "
"management information systems mis. systems architecture. "
"management information systems mis. network planning services. "
"management information systems mis. systems planning services. "
"management information systems mis. telecommunications planning services. "
"management information systems mis.  demining geographical or geospatial information system gis. an organized collection of computer hardware, software, geographic data, and personnel designed to efficiently capture, store, update, manipulate, analyze, and display all forms of geographically referenced information related to a demining operation. note: gis allows a user to graphically view multiple layers of data based on their geographic distribution and association. gis incorporates powerful tools to analyze the relationships between various layers of information.. "
"management information systems mis.  information management system for mine action imsma. systems used for the data collection, data storage, reporting, information analysis and project management activities as related to demining operations. its primary use is by the staffs of mine action centers macs at national and regional level, however the system is also deployed in support of the implementers of mine action projects and demining organizations at all levels.. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. . "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. computer or network or internet security. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. mainframe administration services. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. local area network lan maintenance or support. maintenance is a purchased warranty or subscription that would include version upgrades or \"bug\" fixes released during the maintenance period. support is to address an immediate problem generally representing an escalation process to resolve the issue. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. wide area network wan maintenance or support. maintenance is a purchased warranty or subscription that would include version upgrades or \"bug\" fixes released during the maintenance period.. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. proprietary or licensed systems maintenance or support. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. database analysis service. service that analyzes the creation, management and maintenance of databases. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. system analysis service. service that analyzes the creation, management and maintenance of information technology systems. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. system installation service. service that provides for the installation and removal of information technology systems. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. software coding service. service that codes in various languages for the creation, management and maintenance of software applications. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. technical support or help desk services. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. co location service. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. third party warranty service. service that manages or fulfills warranty operations and claims for others. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. quality assurance services. "
"system and system component administration services. services that provide for the management of information technology components within a system and the system as a whole. system usability services. "
"information retrieval systems. . "
"information retrieval systems. database information retrieval. "
"information retrieval systems.  online database information retrieval service. service engaged in the creation, management, maintenance, or operation of online information retrieval systems or components. "
"data services. . "
"data services.  online data processing service. service engaged in the creation, management, maintenance, or operation of online data processing systems or components. "
"data services. data processing or preparation services. "
"data services. data center services. "
"data services. disaster recovery services. "
"data services. document scanning service. "
"data services. data storage service. "
"data services. content or data standardization services. "
"data services. cd rom mastering services. "
"data services. content or data classification services. "
"data services. data conversion service. "
"internet services. . "
"internet services. internet service providers isp. "
"internet services. electronic mail service provider. "
"internet services. world wide web www site design services. "
"internet services. web search engine providers. "
"internet services.  world wide web www site operation host services. internet, intranet and web related services performed outside the company. "
"internet services. application service providers. "
"internet services. internet domain names. "
"software maintenance and support. . "
"software maintenance and support.  maintenance or support fees. support is to address an immediate problem generally representing an escalation process to resolve the issue. "
"software maintenance and support. software patches or upgrades. "
"software maintenance and support.  firmware patching or upgrade service. service for patches or upgrades to firmware. "
"software maintenance and support.  operating system software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of operating system software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  database management system software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of database management system software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  information retrieval or search software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of information retrieval or search software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  video conferencing software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of video conferencing software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  security and protection software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of security and protection software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  development software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of development software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  system management software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of it system management software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  enterprise resource planning software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of enterprise resource planning (erp) software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  customer relationship management software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of customer relationship management software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  accounting software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of accounting software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  content authoring and editing software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of content authoring and editing software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  content management software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of content management software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  educational or reference software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of educational or reference software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  industry specific software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of industry specific software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  network application software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of network applications software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  computer game or entertainment software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer game or entertainment software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  server software maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of server software.. "
"software maintenance and support.  point of sale software maintenance service. maintenance and support of software use for point of sale pos systems. "
"software maintenance and support.  facility operation and maintenance management software maintenance. software in support of facilities operations, equipment and related maintenance. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. . "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. disk storage system maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of disk storage systems.. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. nearline or backup system maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of nearline (backup), streamer and magnetic tape drives including roboters.. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. mainframe computer maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of mainframe computers.. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. unix server maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of unix servers.. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. x86 server maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of x86 servers.. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. printer, scanner and multifunctional equipment maintenance. support service, installation and maintenance. includes call centers, technical, repair, spare parts and support services for the maintenance and installation of printers, multifunction computer and scanner.. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. pc or workstation or notebook maintenance. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of pc, workstation or notebook computers.. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. point of sale hardware maintenance and support service. maintenance and support of point of sale pos hardware systems. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. point of sale hardware installation or implementation service. installation or implementation of point of sale pos hardware systems. "
"computer hardware maintenance and support. support in case of failure. includes call center, technician, repair, spare parts and related support services for maintenance of computer hardware of all kinds.. computer cabinet maintenance. service preventive or corrective maintenance computer cabinet where you install servers and communication equipment in the data center. "
"computer hardware rental or leasing services. leasing or rental of computer equipment. . "
"computer hardware rental or leasing services. leasing or rental of computer equipment. computer hardware rental. rental of computer hardware.. "
"computer software licensing rental or leasing service. a service involving the licencing, rental or leasing of computer software. . "
"computer software licensing rental or leasing service. a service involving the licencing, rental or leasing of computer software. computer software licensing service. a service involving the licencing of computer software. "
"computer software licensing rental or leasing service. a service involving the licencing, rental or leasing of computer software. computer software rental or leasing service. a service involving the rental or leasing of computer software. "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. . "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. banking atm and kiosk depot repair service. end-to-end depot repair services on banking parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. laptop and desktop computer depot repair service. end-to-end depot repair services on laptop & desktop parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. networking equipment depot repair service. end-to-end depot repair services on network parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. printer equipment depot repair service. end-to-end depot repair services on printing parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. point of sale equipment depot repair service. end-to-end depot repair services on pos parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. computer server depot repair service. end-to-end outsourced services on server parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics.. "
"computer hardware offsite or depot maintenance, repair and support. end-to-end depot repair services on computer parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. computer storage equipment depot repair service. end-to-end depot repair services on storage parts that may include new buy, repair, planning, warehousing, warranty redemption and logistics. "
