"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients. . "
"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients. manure or guano. "
"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients. plant hormones. "
"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients. fish meal. "
"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients. compost. "
"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients.  foliar nutrient. foliar nutrients are sources of nourishment that are applied to foliage to boost nutrient density in crops.. "
"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients.  humus. substance composed of certain organic products derived from the decomposition of organic remains. "
"organic fertilizers and plant nutrients.  urea fertilizer. urea fertilisers are nitrogen rich organic plant and soil nutrient supplements. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients. . "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  ammonium nitrate fertilizer. an important fertiliser with npk rating (34% nitrogen), it is less concentrated than urea and does not lose nitrogen to the atmosphere.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients. potassic fertilizer. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients. phosphatic fertilizer. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients. sulphuric fertilizer. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients. nitrogen phosphorous potassium mixtures npk. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  pure silica fertilizer. a fertilizer that has the soluble silicate as the main ingredient.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  magnesium fertilizer. a fertilizer that contains magnesium compounds.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  micro element fertilizer. a fertilizer containing small quantities of growth-enhancing elements such as carbon, oxygen and hydrogen that are essential to the growth of crops in mass.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  silica phosphate fertilizer. a chemical fertilizer that contains phosphorus acid, silicic acid, magnesia and lime. it is used to reduce insect damage and add vitality plant root systems.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  silica potassium fertilizer. a fertilizer that contains potassium as well as phosphoric acid, silicic acid, magnesia and lime. silica potassium fertilizer helps reduce cold weather damage and physiological stress on plants.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  calcium fertilizer. a fertilizer containing calcium which promotes the condensation reaction of the soil colloid, neutralizes acidity, and encourages active breeding of useful microbes.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  superphosphate fertilizer. superphosphate is a fertilizer produced by the action of concentrated sulphuric acid on powdered phosphate rock.  it is used as maintenance fertiliser, providing a pool of soil solution p for pasturage. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  ammonium nitrate mixed with calcium carbonate fertilizer. a universal nitrogen fertilizer that can be applied to all types of soil and all plants. it is suitable for blending with other granulated fertilizers.. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  potassium chloride for agricultural use. fertilizer ingredient for plant and crop growth. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  potassium sulphate. a soluble substance used in making fertilizers. "
"chemical fertilizers and plant nutrients.  diammonium hydrogenorthophosphate fertilizer. a soluble plant fertilizer which contains a great source of phosphorus and nitrogen. "
"herbicides. . "
"herbicides. weed killer. "
"herbicides. fungicides. "
"herbicides.  propanil. selective contact herbicide with a short duration of activity used to control broad-leaved and grass weeds.. "
"soil conditioners. products that are used to improve the physical and chemical properties of soil in order to promote plant growth.. . "
"soil conditioners. products that are used to improve the physical and chemical properties of soil in order to promote plant growth.. organic soil conditioner. a product used to improve the organic properties of soil to be appropriate for plant growth.. "
"soil conditioners. products that are used to improve the physical and chemical properties of soil in order to promote plant growth.. inorganic soil conditioner. a product used to improve the inorganic properties of soil to be appropriate for plant growth.. "
