"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. . "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. mobile phones. a portable radiotelephone also known as cellular or satellite phones. these can be car or hand-held portable phones. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pagers. a personal messaging device capable of either one-way or 2-way communication of voice, numeric and/or alpha characters. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pay phones. a public or private telephone that accepts coins or encoded credit cards for usage.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. fixed phones. a fixed or wired phone is an instrument or system used for voice communication. a device that converts acoustical energy (sound) into electrical energy for transmission to a distant point. includes commodities such as feature, 2500, novelty, hotel and motel, speaker and multi-line telephones. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. answering machines. integrated or standalone device used to record telephone messages from callers for retrieval by their owner at a later date.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. special purpose telephones. special purpose telephones include equipment designed for the visually or hearing impaired and/or phones that have special properties such as explosion proof.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. digital telephones. telephones which operate in digital networks such as in integrated services digital network (isdn). "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. analog telephones. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. two way radios. radios used for family radio service (frs), general mobile radio service (gmrs), and multi-use radio service (murs).. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. ip phones. these are telephones that look like conventional phones and they use computer networls (wireless or wired) for voice conversation. the phones provide similar services as isdn phones.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. digital enhanced cordless telecommunications dect cordless phones. cordless phones following the industry radio technology standard, dect (digital enhanced cordless telecommunications) for cordless communication up to a few hundred metres.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. video phone. videophone is a telephone which is capable of both audio and video duplex transmission. it uses regular telephone lines.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. satellite phone. a type of mobile phone that communicates directly with orbiting communications satellites.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. speaker phone. a telephone with a microphone and loudspeaker provided separately from those in the handset, thus enabling group conversation.. "
"personal communication devices. portable equipment that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. keyphone system. a phone device that is structured with the main device equipped with the control function and phone terminal with the call selection button and others to use jointly with the phone lines with several phones.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. . "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. mobile phone face plates. replaceable face or external cover plates that come in different designs to suit the top of mobile or cellular phones. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone dialers. equipment that pulses out a standard dial protocol signal.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone extension cords. a multi-conductor, male/female modular line cord generally used to permit greater separation between the communications outlet and the telephone equipment. flexible insulated wire connecting receiver to base. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone face plates. it is a protective covering for the front of a fixed phone.the standard faceplate is designed around an aco outlet. the faceplate is equipped with fiber optic connectors, a telephone jack, and an \"f\" style connector for video applications. the accessories include the cover, lens etc.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone handset cords. cord that goes between your phone and the handset. also known as curly cord used to connect a handset with the telephone.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone handsets. the hand held part of the telephone. consists of a receiver and transmitter at the ends of a common handle and is connected to the telephone handset mounting. the combined hand held unit of microphone and ear piece of a standard telephone instrument.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone headset ear or speaker cushions. replaceable speaker or ear covers of a headset for fixed or mobile phones. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone headset voice tubes. replaceable device which directs the voice up to the microphone of a headset. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone headsets. telephone transmitter and receiver worn on the head to keep the hands free. a combination microphone and earpiece used to conduct conversations.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. personal communication holders or mounts, stands. a phone accessory designed to hold a phone in a stationary position.it is a clamp that holds the receiver. it is attached to mounting hardware for affixing to a stable surface. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone line protectors. module/device that prevents voltage transient from damaging [phone] equipment. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone rests. a phone accessory designed to provide a place to rest a phone on a persons shoulder while talking.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone voice converters. smart devices used to change the user voice for personal and official usage also can be a device that converts spoken language to text. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. vehicle handsfree phone set. it is car or vehicle phone or attachments for mobile phones which allows users to talk without using hands.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. centrex phone console. abbreviation for central office exchange service, a type of pbx service in which switching occurs at a local telephone station instead of at the company premises. typically, the telephone company owns and manages all the communications equipment necessary to implement the pbx and then sells various services to the operating company.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. conversation recording units. intrateged or standalone recording device used with telephones to record telephone conversations.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. telephone signaling devices. these are the signalling devices of the telephone. it includes the telephone bells, horns and strobes. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. handset adapters. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pager modules or accessories. the pager module is a high sensitivity decoder module that can receive, decode and output paging messages.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pay phone coin mechanisms. mechanical assembly responsible for coin operation in a pay telephone.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pay phone coin chutes. chutes used in pay phones for coin conveyance. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pay phone coin boxes. boxes used for collecting coins in the coin operated pay telephones.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pay phone hoppers. the hopper will hold the coin until the circuit board instructs the relay to kick the coins in to either coin box or reject chute. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pay phone coin box vault doors. safety enclosures compatible with most payphone right side slot.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. pay phone microphone windscreens. this commodity is used for filtering noise, protecting the microphone head from saliva, and protecting the microphone head if dropped.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. notebook or palmtop skins or face plates. a cover for hand-held computer devices. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. mobile phone starter kits. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone or modem jack adapters or country kits or travel kits. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. phone antenna. a more sensitive type of antenna for a mobile or radio phone. can be mounted on the phone or can be external, connected to the phone with cable.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. key phone subset. a multi-functional phone that simultaneously shares the number of calling line and incoming line of office line and extension in connection to the office line.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. extension board for keyphone system. a board that is enabled to make the additional structure with the function card by the need for each in meeting the demand of users on the main device of the key phone released with the basic capacity.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. mobile phone spare parts. mobile or cell phone replaceable components or parts such as buttons, lcd displays, loudspeakers, screws etc.. "
"personal communications device accessories or parts. an accessory to a tool that enables a person to transfer information using a communications protocol through a voice or data network.. dummy mobile phone. a non-functional mobile phone designed for showcases.. "
