"powered fixed wing aircraft. . "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. fixed wing agricultural aircraft. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. cargo propeller aircraft. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. seaplanes. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. commercial passenger propeller aircraft. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. cargo jet aircraft. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. commercial passenger jet aircraft. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. private or business propeller aircraft. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft. private or business jet aircraft. "
"powered fixed wing aircraft.  fixed wing training aircraft or trainer. a small fixed-wing, two-seat aircraft used to develop piloting or navigational skills in the flight crew.. "
"civilian and commercial rotary wing aircraft. . "
"civilian and commercial rotary wing aircraft. passenger transport helicopters. "
"civilian and commercial rotary wing aircraft. cargo transport helicopters. "
"civilian and commercial rotary wing aircraft. agricultural helicopters. "
"civilian and commercial rotary wing aircraft. medical or rescue helicopters. "
"civilian and commercial rotary wing aircraft.  rotary wing training aircraft or helicopter trainer. a small rotary-wing aircraft used for flight training.. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. . "
"military fixed wing aircraft. bomber aircraft. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. fighter bomber aircraft. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. fighter aircraft. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. attack aircraft. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. target or reconnaissance drones. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. military seaplanes. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. reconnaissance or surveillance aircraft. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. anti submarine aircraft. "
"military fixed wing aircraft. military transport aircraft. "
"specialty aircraft. . "
"specialty aircraft. airships. "
"specialty aircraft.  model aircraft. a model for actual airplane scaled to make full size aircraft. it is sometimes maneuvered by controller with attachmented power source.. "
"military rotary wing aircraft. . "
"military rotary wing aircraft. military transport helicopters. "
"military rotary wing aircraft. attack helicopters. "
"military rotary wing aircraft. reconnaissance helicopters. "
"military rotary wing aircraft. anti submarine helicopters. "
"military rotary wing aircraft. tilt rotor wing aircraft. "
"recreational aircraft. . "
"recreational aircraft. hang gliders. "
"recreational aircraft. hot air balloons. "
"recreational aircraft. gliders. "
"recreational aircraft. paragliders. "
"recreational aircraft. ultra light aircraft. "
"unmanned aerial vehicle. an unmanned aerial vehicle (uav), commonly known as a drone, is an aircraft without a human pilot aboard. uavs are a component of an unmanned aircraft system (uas); which includes a uav, a ground-based controller, and a system of communications between the two. the flight of uavs may operate with various degrees of autonomy: either under remote control by a human operator or autonomously by onboard computers. . "
"unmanned aerial vehicle. an unmanned aerial vehicle (uav), commonly known as a drone, is an aircraft without a human pilot aboard. uavs are a component of an unmanned aircraft system (uas); which includes a uav, a ground-based controller, and a system of communications between the two. the flight of uavs may operate with various degrees of autonomy: either under remote control by a human operator or autonomously by onboard computers. agricultural drone. a type of unmanned aerial vehicle or drone used to monitor, detect and otherwise support agricultural enterprises of all kinds.. "
"unmanned aerial vehicle. an unmanned aerial vehicle (uav), commonly known as a drone, is an aircraft without a human pilot aboard. uavs are a component of an unmanned aircraft system (uas); which includes a uav, a ground-based controller, and a system of communications between the two. the flight of uavs may operate with various degrees of autonomy: either under remote control by a human operator or autonomously by onboard computers. military drone. a type of unmanned aerial vehicle or drone used to monitor, detect, engage/destroy and otherwise support both tactical and strategic military operations.. "
"unmanned aerial vehicle. an unmanned aerial vehicle (uav), commonly known as a drone, is an aircraft without a human pilot aboard. uavs are a component of an unmanned aircraft system (uas); which includes a uav, a ground-based controller, and a system of communications between the two. the flight of uavs may operate with various degrees of autonomy: either under remote control by a human operator or autonomously by onboard computers. recreational drone. a type of unmanned aerial vehicle or drone, usually smaller, designed and used for general recreational purposes by the general public.. "
"unmanned aerial vehicle. an unmanned aerial vehicle (uav), commonly known as a drone, is an aircraft without a human pilot aboard. uavs are a component of an unmanned aircraft system (uas); which includes a uav, a ground-based controller, and a system of communications between the two. the flight of uavs may operate with various degrees of autonomy: either under remote control by a human operator or autonomously by onboard computers. law enforcement drone. a type of unmanned aerial vehicle used to monitor, detect and otherwise support law enforcement by law enforcement agencies.. "
"unmanned aerial vehicle. an unmanned aerial vehicle (uav), commonly known as a drone, is an aircraft without a human pilot aboard. uavs are a component of an unmanned aircraft system (uas); which includes a uav, a ground-based controller, and a system of communications between the two. the flight of uavs may operate with various degrees of autonomy: either under remote control by a human operator or autonomously by onboard computers. delivery drone. a type of unmanned aerial vehicle (uav) or drone utilized to transport packages, food or other goods.. "
