"minerals. . "
"minerals. mica. "
"minerals. emery. "
"minerals. quartz. "
"minerals. pyrite. "
"minerals. sulphur. "
"minerals. chalk. "
"minerals. graphite. "
"minerals. dolomite. "
"minerals. magnesite. "
"minerals. asbestos. "
"minerals. calcium. "
"minerals. borate. "
"minerals. cryolite. "
"minerals. feldspar. "
"minerals. leucite. "
"minerals. nephelite. "
"minerals. steatite. "
"minerals. talc. "
"minerals.  rough diamond. diamond mined from the earth that has not been polished or cut.. "
"minerals. garnets. "
"minerals. silicon carbide. "
"minerals. activated carbon. "
"minerals. mulite. "
"minerals. fluorspar. "
"minerals. kieserite. "
"minerals. carnallite. "
"minerals. diatomaceous silica. "
"minerals.  activated alumina. type of drying agent possessing a high absorbtion capacity, high surface area, high strength and thermal stability.widely used as an absorbent, drying agent and catalyst carrier in chemical, petrochemical and fertilizer industries.. "
"minerals.  zeolite. an aluminosilicate mineral that has a microporous structure- pores smaller than 2 nanometers in diameter.. "
"minerals.  calcite. a carbonate mineral that is the most stable polymorph of calcium carbonate, caco3. it has a mohs hardness of 3, a specific gravity of 2.6 to 2.8, and its luster is vitreous in crystallized varieties.color is white or none, though shades of gray, red, yellow, green, blue, violet, brown, or even black can occur when the mineral is charged with impurities.. "
"minerals.  serpentine. any of a group of hydrous magnesium-rich silicate minerals. the composition of these common rock-forming minerals approximates mg3si2o5 oh 4. serpentine is usually grayish, white, or green but may be yellow -chrysotile- or green-blue -antigorite.the green color is due to iron replacing magnesium.. "
"minerals.  peridot. a gem-quality forsteritic olivine. the chemical composition is mg, fe 2sio4, with mg in greater quantities than fe.. "
"minerals.  pyrophyllite. very soft, pale-colored silicate mineral, hydrated aluminum silicate, al2 oh 2 si4o10, that is the main constituent of some schistose rocks.. "
"minerals.  polished diamond. diamond that has been polished at the site of mining to enhance value.. "
"ores. . "
"ores. iron ore. "
"ores. titanium ore. "
"ores. uranium ore. "
"ores. copper ore. "
"ores. aluminum ore. "
"ores. nickel ore. "
"ores. silver ore. "
"ores. lead ore. "
"ores. zinc ore. "
"ores. tin ore. "
"ores. manganese ore. "
"ores. chromium ore. "
"ores. tungsten or wolfram ore. "
"ores. molybdenum ore. "
"ores. cobalt ore. "
"ores. gold ore. "
"ores. tantalum ore. "
"ores. platinum ore. "
"ores. vermiculite ore. "
"ores. thorium ore. "
"ores. kyanite ore. "
"ores. antimony ore. "
"ores. zirconium ore. "
"ores.  magnetite ore. a ferrimagnetic mineral with chemical formula fe 3 o 4, one of several iron oxides and a member of the spinel group. used for separating coal from rock.. "
"ores.  bauxite ore. mineral which is used to produce aluminum. "
"base metals. . "
"base metals. slag or ash. "
"base metals. natural graphite. "
"base metals. steel. "
"base metals. aluminum. "
"base metals. nickel. "
"base metals. bismuth. "
"base metals. antimony. "
"base metals. cadmium. "
"base metals. non ferrous alloy. "
"base metals. ferrous alloy. "
"base metals. iron. "
"base metals. lead. "
"base metals. tin. "
"base metals. indium. "
"base metals. palladium. "
"base metals. zinc. "
"precious metals. . "
"precious metals. gold. "
"precious metals. silver. "
"precious metals. platinum. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. . "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. iron ore concentrate. iron ore that has been further processed to concentrate iron content. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. nickel concentrate. an intermediate ore product which is produced from nickel ore and traded in the market. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. nickel briquette or compact. a form of nickel ore that has been processed to the point where it is 98 to 99 percent pure nickel.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. nickel matte. an intermediate ore product produced from nickel ore and traded in the market. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. aluminum liquid. an intermediate product derived from processed aluminum ore which can then be casted into one or more aluminum alloys. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. copper concentrate. copper ore that is processed to slurry form with a 30 percent copper purity level. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. copper cathode. copper ore that has been processed and purified to 99 percent purity and formed into multi ton cathode shapes. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. manganese sinter or pellet. manganese ore that has been sintered and or pelletized. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. manganese fines. a type of refined manganese ore sized to meet market demand.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. manganese lumps. a type of refined manganese ore sized to meet market demand.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. iron ore pellets. a type of refined iron ore sized to meet market demand.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. iron ore lumps. a type of refined iron ore sized to meet market demand.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. iron ore fines. a type of refined iron ore sized to meet market demand.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. cobalt ore matte. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. zinc dust or powder or flakes. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. nickel powder or flakes. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. copper powder or flakes. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. copper matte. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. pig iron. a product produced during the smelting of iron.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. cement clinker. lumps or nodules produced during the cement kiln stage.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. aluminum powder or flakes. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. zinc concentrate. an intermediate product in the process of zinc refining. it is derived by the application of a variety of processes --flotation, leaching, gravimetry, etc.-- to zinc ore.. "
"intermediate processed and refined ore products. intermediate ore products derived from the processing and refining of raw ore as mined.. lead concentrate. an intermediate lead product produced by a variety of processes --including flotation, leaching, gravimetry, etc.-- applied to lead ore.. "
