"metal solids. metal solids are made of sheet and tube ends, from cutting operations, which cannot be used for further production. . "
"metal solids. metal solids are made of sheet and tube ends, from cutting operations, which cannot be used for further production. nickel solids. solids made of pure nickel. "
"metal solids. metal solids are made of sheet and tube ends, from cutting operations, which cannot be used for further production. basic steel solids. solids made of basic steels. "
"metal solids. metal solids are made of sheet and tube ends, from cutting operations, which cannot be used for further production. ferrous alloy solids. solids made from ferrous alloys. "
"metal solids. metal solids are made of sheet and tube ends, from cutting operations, which cannot be used for further production. non ferrous alloy solids. solids made from non-ferrous alloys. "
"metal solids. metal solids are made of sheet and tube ends, from cutting operations, which cannot be used for further production. super alloy solids. solids made from super-alloys (nickel-based, cobalt-based, etc.). "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. . "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. nickel scrap. scraps made of nickel. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. basic steel scrap. scraps made of basic steels. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. ferrous alloy scrap. scraps made of ferrous alloys. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. non ferrous alloy scrap. scraps made of non-ferrous alloys. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. super alloy scrap. scraps made of super-alloys (nickel-based, cobalt-based, etc.). "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. automotive wrecking for waste or scrap. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. copper scrap. scrap made of copper.. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. lead scrap. scrap made of lead.. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. zinc scrap. scrap made of zinc.. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. aluminum scrap. scrap made of aluminum.. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. tin scrap. scrap made of tin.. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. iron scrap. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. precious metal scrap excluding gold. "
"metal scrap. scraps are products which are recycled because they could never be used, or were used but are out of service. scraps are sometimes made of different parts, each one being potentially made of different metals.. gold scrap. "
"turnings. turnings are made from sharpening operations over metal parts, with precision tools. turnings differ from metal solids because they used to contain oil.. . "
"turnings. turnings are made from sharpening operations over metal parts, with precision tools. turnings differ from metal solids because they used to contain oil.. nickel turnings. turnings made of nickel. "
"turnings. turnings are made from sharpening operations over metal parts, with precision tools. turnings differ from metal solids because they used to contain oil.. bronze turnings. "
"metal byproducts. includes by-products generated by the production of metal products in metallurgical industries. . "
"metal byproducts. includes by-products generated by the production of metal products in metallurgical industries. manganese slag. a byproduct produced during processing of manganese ore. "
"metal byproducts. includes by-products generated by the production of metal products in metallurgical industries. copper sulphide. copper sulphide is a by product of nickel production. "
"metal byproducts. includes by-products generated by the production of metal products in metallurgical industries. nickel sulphide. nickel sulphide is a by product of nickel production. "
"metal byproducts. includes by-products generated by the production of metal products in metallurgical industries. ash containing precious metal or precious metal compounds. "
"metal byproducts. includes by-products generated by the production of metal products in metallurgical industries. ash containing metals or metallic compounds except precious metals. "
