"securing and protecting supplies. . "
"securing and protecting supplies. stretch wrap films. "
"securing and protecting supplies. shrink wrap films. "
"securing and protecting supplies. tamper proof or security seals. "
"securing and protecting supplies. tarpaulins. "
"securing and protecting supplies. anti static packaging films. "
"securing and protecting supplies. carton corner support. "
"securing and protecting supplies. cable protectors. "
"securing and protecting supplies. load binders. "
"securing and protecting supplies. packing absorbents. "
"securing and protecting supplies.  blister packs. rigid plastic packaging material designed for protecting specific items.. "
"securing and protecting supplies. packaging films. "
"securing and protecting supplies. protective netting. "
"securing and protecting supplies.  dessicant. moisture absorbing media in various forms. "
"securing and protecting supplies.  polyfilm. thin polyethylene film used for palletizing, shrink wrapping, unitizing and/or protection of packaging containers. "
"securing and protecting supplies.  separator sheet. corrugated, foam or other material thin layer for separation of pack layers and protection of same. "
"securing and protecting supplies.  steel packing band or strapping. thin steel plate in the shape of band used in firmly packaging boxes.. "
"securing and protecting supplies.  non metal packing band or strapping. non metallic band used in wrapping or bundling objects.. "
"cushioning supplies. . "
"cushioning supplies. bubble wrap. "
"cushioning supplies. thermoforming materials. "
"cushioning supplies. cushioning. "
"cushioning supplies. wadding materials. "
"cushioning supplies. air filled packing materials. "
"cushioning supplies. packing peanuts. "
"cushioning supplies. cardboard inserts. "
"cushioning supplies. protective ends. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. . "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. paper tubes or cores. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. tube or core end plugs. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. paper pieces. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. printed inserts or instructions. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. collapsible tubes. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. spool. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. reel. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. parcel handles. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories. capsule tubes or caps. "
"packaging tubes and cores and labels and accessories.  tag wire. a long, thin metallic wire of low carbon steel used for attaching labels or tags at the time of product packaging.. "
