"access management services. those services associated with management of permissions for use of shared resources.. . "
"access management services. those services associated with management of permissions for use of shared resources.. software application administration service. a service involving the administration access and security for network-provided software applications.. "
"access management services. those services associated with management of permissions for use of shared resources.. network account administration service. a service involving administration of server and domain account security.. "
"access management services. those services associated with management of permissions for use of shared resources.. network folder administration service. a service involving administration and maintenance of server folder or directory security.. "
"electronic mail and messaging services. those services associated with providing or managing electronic mail, instant messaging and related communications.. . "
"electronic mail and messaging services. those services associated with providing or managing electronic mail, instant messaging and related communications.. instant messaging administration service. a service involving the support of instant messaging applications and accounts.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. . "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. fax administration service. a service involving the administration of user accounts for shared facimile machines.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. fax support service. a service involving the support of facsimile hardware and/or software.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. mobile telephone administration service. a service involving the administration of mobile telephone user accounts.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. mobile telephone support service. a service involving the support of mobile phone hardware and/or software.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. pager administration service. a service involving the administration of pager user accounts.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. pager support service. a service involving the support of telepager hardware and/or software.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. telephone administration service. a service involving the administration of telephone user accounts.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. telephone support service. a service involving the support of telephone hardware and/or software.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. voice mail administration service. a service involving the administration of voice mail user accounts.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. voice mail support service. a service involving the support of voice mail hardware and/or software.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. videoconferencing service. a service involving the support of videoconferencing activity.. "
"telecommunication services. this class is associated with services for telecommunications related devices and functionality.. network voice service. labor, materials and technology associated with providing organizational network, non-mobile voice services.. "
"data voice or multimedia network equipment or platform rental or leasing services. a service involving the rental or leasing of data voice or multimedia network equipment or platforms. . "
"data voice or multimedia network equipment or platform rental or leasing services. a service involving the rental or leasing of data voice or multimedia network equipment or platforms. data communication equipment or platform rental or leasing service. a service involving the rental or leasing of data communication equipment or platforms. "
"cloud-based hardware as a service. cloud or web-based service consisting of a fully bundled offering which includes a lifecycle workplace management solution structured and packaged around standardized hardware configurations and priced as a monthly subscription fee on a per device basis.. . "
"cloud-based hardware as a service. cloud or web-based service consisting of a fully bundled offering which includes a lifecycle workplace management solution structured and packaged around standardized hardware configurations and priced as a monthly subscription fee on a per device basis.. business equipment as a service. cloud or web-based service consisting of a fully bundled offering which includes a lifecycle workplace management solution structured and packaged around standardized business equipment and their configurations and priced as a monthly subscription fee on a per device basis.. "
"cloud-based hardware as a service. cloud or web-based service consisting of a fully bundled offering which includes a lifecycle workplace management solution structured and packaged around standardized hardware configurations and priced as a monthly subscription fee on a per device basis.. workstation as a service. cloud or web-based service consisting of a fully bundled offering which includes a lifecycle workplace management solution structured and packaged around standardized workstations and their configurations and priced as a monthly subscription fee on a per device basis.. "
"cloud-based hardware as a service. cloud or web-based service consisting of a fully bundled offering which includes a lifecycle workplace management solution structured and packaged around standardized hardware configurations and priced as a monthly subscription fee on a per device basis.. print as a service. cloud or web-based service consisting of a fully bundled offering which includes a lifecycle workplace management solution structured and packaged around standardized printing solutions and its configurations and priced as a monthly subscription fee on a per device basis.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. . "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. call center software as a service . call center software as a service  allows users by purchasing a right to access a remotely hosted software to receive a similar functionality through their web browsers/cloud as they would with desktop applications.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. compliance dictionaries as a service. compliance dictionaries as a service allows users, through purchase of access rights, to receive compliance dictionary content through their web browsers/cloud as they would with desktop applications.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. cryptographics key management as a service. cryptographics key management as a service enables users to create and manage cryptographic keys that protect data through the cloud.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. database management as a service. database management as a service  in which a third party service provider hosts a database as a service. the service provides data management for its customers and thus obviates the need for the service user to purchase expensive hardware and software, deal with software upgrades and hire professionals for administrative and maintenance tasks.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. dispatch software as a service. dispatch software as a service is to help streamline the service dispatch process from beginning to end. this could include  service dispatching, job scheduling, work order management, crm integration, invoicing, and more. the as a service model allows users by purchasing a right to access a remotely hosted software to receive a such functionality through their web browsers/cloud as they would with desktop applications.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. e-commerce system software as a service. e-commerce software as a service  allows users by purchasing a right to access a remotely hosted environment to manage inventory, add or remove products, calculate taxes, and everything else required to manage a website and fulfill orders for an on-line store.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. e-mailing and calendaring software as a service . cloud  managed  emailing and calendaring services. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. enterprise resource planning software as a service. enterprise resource planning (erp) software as a service  standardizes, streamlines, and integrates business processes across finance, human resources, procurement, distribution, and other departments.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. portal software as a service . portal software as a service provides a secure, digital gateway through a cloud subscription model so its end users can access data and other software applications.. "
"cloud-based software as a service. cloud or web-based service provided by the developer of the third-party software application, wherein an organization is fundamentally purchasing the right to access this remotely-hosted software application as a hosted service.. ucf mapper software as a service . ucf mapper software provided in a cloud subscription model for regulatory compliance and audit and risk management. "
"cloud-based platform as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes programming languages, tools, software components, middleware and platforms to develop and deploy applications on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures with ability to control deployed applications and environments without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. . "
"cloud-based platform as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes programming languages, tools, software components, middleware and platforms to develop and deploy applications on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures with ability to control deployed applications and environments without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. programming languages and tools as a service. programming languages and tools as a service allows users by purchasing a right to access a remotely hosted environment to receive a similar functionality through the cloud/web browser as they would with desktop applications.. "
"cloud-based platform as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes programming languages, tools, software components, middleware and platforms to develop and deploy applications on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures with ability to control deployed applications and environments without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. middleware as a service. middleware as a service (mwaas) provides a complete application development and deployment environment. it delivers a complete a complete runtime environment in the cloud comprised of all services necessary to deploy and run an enterprise-class application.. "
"cloud-based platform as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes programming languages, tools, software components, middleware and platforms to develop and deploy applications on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures with ability to control deployed applications and environments without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. platform software as a service. platform as a service provides a platform allowing customers to develop, run, and manage applications without the complexity of building and maintaining the infrastructure typically associated with developing and launching an app.. "
"cloud-based platform as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes programming languages, tools, software components, middleware and platforms to develop and deploy applications on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures with ability to control deployed applications and environments without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. platform software components as a service. platform software components as a service allows users to use platform software components hosted in the cloud\u00a0as a service.. "
"cloud-based infrastructure as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes the supplier providing the servers, storage, networks, and other computing resources to host and run software and services where the customer does not manage or control the underlying resources.. . "
"cloud-based infrastructure as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes the supplier providing the servers, storage, networks, and other computing resources to host and run software and services where the customer does not manage or control the underlying resources.. cloud backup as a service. cloud backup as a service is a method of offsite data storage in which files, folders, or the entire contents of a hard drive are regularly backed up by a service vendor to a remote secure cloud-based data repository over a network connection.. "
"cloud-based infrastructure as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes the supplier providing the servers, storage, networks, and other computing resources to host and run software and services where the customer does not manage or control the underlying resources.. cloud storage as a service. cloud storage as a service is a business model which a company leases or rents its storage infrastructure to another company or individuals to store data.. "
"cloud-based infrastructure as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes the supplier providing the servers, storage, networks, and other computing resources to host and run software and services where the customer does not manage or control the underlying resources.. cloud firewalls as a service. cloud firewalls as a service is a firewall delivered as a cloud-based service that allows customers to partially or fully move security inspection to a cloud infrastructure.. "
"cloud-based infrastructure as a service. cloud or web-based service that includes the supplier providing the servers, storage, networks, and other computing resources to host and run software and services where the customer does not manage or control the underlying resources.. cloud network devices as a service. cloud network devices as a service is a service to manage device allocation and support.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. . "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. accounts payable process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in accounts payable by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. data analytics process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in data analytics by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. content management process as a service . cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in content management by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. expense management process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in expense management by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. risk management process as a service . cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in risk management by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. help desk process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in help desk by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. human resource management process as a service . cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in human resource management by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. training process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in training by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. payroll process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in payroll by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
"cloud-based business process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases business outcomes (e.g. payroll processing, hr) by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. procurement process as a service. cloud or web-based service wherein the organization purchases  business outcomes in procurement by accessing these services via web-centric interfaces on multi-tenant and shared infrastructures without the need to manage or control the underlying resources.. "
