"locks and security hardware and accessories. . "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. padlocks. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. cable locks. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. lock sets. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. pushbutton locks. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. keys. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. safes. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. security bars. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. number locks. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. key cabinets or organizers. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. time locks. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. lockout devices. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. instrument locks. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. locking cam. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. security chains or accessories. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. key chains or key cases. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. door guards. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. keyhole signals. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. electric strike plate. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. lock cylinder accessory. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. electric lock. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. non electric strike plate. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. lock housing. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories. mechanical lock system. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories.  card key lock. a locking device which is applied on the access door and others that uses the card which has the role of a key.. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories.  key card for lock. a keycard is a flat, rectangular plastic card with the same dimensions as a credit card which stores a physical or digital signature which the door mechanism accepts before disengaging the lock.. "
"locks and security hardware and accessories.  magnetic locking system. lock with magnet used to secure a door and has a secure key. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. . "
"surveillance and detection equipment. safety horns. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. clock timers. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. alarm systems. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. door chimes. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. sirens. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. buzzers. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. motion detectors. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. convex security mirrors. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. security cameras. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. video identification systems. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. video monitors. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. gas detectors. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. light enhancing cameras or vision devices. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. radar detectors. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. door eyes. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. door bells. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. security or access control systems. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. safety light curtains. "
"surveillance and detection equipment. surveillance video or audio recorders. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  closed circuit television cctv system. limited use system comprised of video cameras to transmit a signal to a specific place and limited set of monitors.it differs from broadcast television in that the signal is not openly transmitted, though it may employ point to point wireless links.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  home security alarm. a type of device that informs of theft by making the warning sound, automatically sending the theft signal to nearby police office or profit-oriented security company by using various sensors to prevent the infiltration of theft by installing in ordinary homes or various buildings.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  x ray baggage inspection system. equipment that searches the properties within the cargo by radiating with the x-ray.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  radio communication monitoring system. a type of device that is installed for monitoring the operation of many wireless stations.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  night vision equipment. a portable night observation equipment of light amplification method that defects the target at night to use in various crime prevention activities, patrolling of drug crime, marine security, and night penetration activities.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  wireless signaler system for hearing impaired. a wireless signal that enables the hearing-impaired persons to recognize by informing the phone or fax sound, baby crying sound, knocking sound, clock alarm sound and buzzer sound in vibration or light.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  automatic time of day indicator. a type of device that informs the standard time of certain country or region automatically.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  signal mirror. an object that grinds for high degree with the aiming device to emerge the image in the type of bright spots on the reflected light of solar rays.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  vehicle rain and water level sensor. a system that is possible to link with the auto device and indicate displacement with digital as designating and warning of high and low point in measuring and recording the water level.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  seismic alarm. equipment that is used to prevent the damages from warning in advance when there is an earthquake expected to have the damages on human lives or buildings.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  passive infrared sensor. a device for security that is designed to output the electric signal by sensing the temperature change when an object with the movement penetrates while having all objects in watch zone keep watch status.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  security metal detector. equipment that is used for personal search that detects the weapons with metal, tools for crime, or precious metals at airport, customs, jail and others.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  chemical agent detector paper. a product that is to protect individual and equipment by promptly taking the emergency action or wear the protective equipment by determining the change for colors with the presence of the liquid-type of chemical agents as attached to individual and other equipment under the chemical warfare.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  chemical agent detector. equipment that detects the presence of chemical agents harmful to human body.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  security facsimile transmission equipment. equipment for security that is designed to protect safe transmission and reproduction of data as being sent to remote distance through the facsimile.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  wiretap device. a type of device that is directly or indirectly connected to the communication line for the purpose of overhearing or recording the contents of dialogue or wireless communication.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  radiation detector and alarm. equipment that minimizes the damage from the radiation by making the warning sound or visually informing to the public when the radiation is senses or reached to certain range.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  traffic video compensator. a type of device that compensates picture quality of traffic situation screen transmitted from the cable cameras for traffic that are set in major roads or intersection by using appropriate electric circuit with filter, amplifier, buffer and others.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  automatic traffic monitoring system. a type of device that is capable of automatically disposing various forms required in handling of violators by making auto recognition and vehicle inquiries for the vehicle number after detecting the vehicle in violating the speed limit, signal violation, non-permitted vehicle passing through exclusive road and others.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  dummy security camera. a non-functional surveillance device designed to fool intruders. it is placed intentionally in a noticeable place, so passing people notice it and believe the area to be monitored.. "
"surveillance and detection equipment.  ankle monitor or bracelet. a homing device that defendants under house arrest or parole are required to wear. at all times, the ankle monitor sends a radio frequency signal containing location and other information to a receiver. if an offender moves outside of an allowed range, the police will be notified. ankle monitors are designed to be tamper-resistant and can alert authorities to removal attempts, such as cutting the band causing a circuit break.. "
"vehicle access control. devices, permits and related materials that enable facilities to provide secure visitor vehicle access control while also identifying visitors. . "
"vehicle access control. devices, permits and related materials that enable facilities to provide secure visitor vehicle access control while also identifying visitors. vehicle parking permit. a security control item used to grant access to vehicles and that records entry time, expiration time and actual parking duration time. "
