"math kits. . "
"math kits. addition math kits. "
"math kits. division math kits. "
"math kits. fraction math kits. "
"math kits. middle school math kits. "
"math kits. early childhood math kits. "
"math kits. measurement math kits. "
"math kits. multiplication math kits. "
"math kits. elementary math kits. "
"math kits. subtraction math kits. "
"math kits. high school math kits. "
"electronic learning aids. . "
"electronic learning aids. electronic card readers. "
"electronic learning aids. curriculum based electronic learning aids. "
"electronic learning aids. electronic globes. "
"electronic learning aids. electronic quiz machines. "
"educational incentives. . "
"educational incentives. bible based chart stickers. "
"educational incentives. bible based incentive charts. "
"educational incentives. incentive chart stickers. "
"educational incentives. incentive charts. "
"educational incentives. incentive punchcards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. . "
"educational stickers and supplies. bible based stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. giant stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. photo stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. reward stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. scented stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. shape stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. sparkle stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. reward star stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. sticker assortments. "
"educational stickers and supplies. sticker books. "
"educational stickers and supplies. sticker boxes. "
"educational stickers and supplies. tattoo stickers. "
"educational stickers and supplies. addition flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. all facts flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. blank flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. division flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. electronic flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. equivalent flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. fraction flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. greater than or less than flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. multiplication flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. subtraction flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. alphabet flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. word building flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. phonics flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. handwriting or writing flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. number flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. money flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. time flash cards. "
"educational stickers and supplies. state flash cards. "
"classroom awards. . "
"classroom awards. badges. "
"classroom awards. award buttons. "
"classroom awards. celebration crowns. "
"classroom awards. reward jewelry. "
"classroom awards. classroom ribbons or rosettes. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. . "
"educational certificates or diplomas. bible based certificates. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. blank certificates. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. certificate frames. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. certificate holders. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. certificate ribbons. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. diplomas. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. foreign language certificates. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. general praise certificates. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. grade specific certificates. "
"educational certificates or diplomas. subject specific certificates. "
"teacher resource materials. . "
"teacher resource materials. assessment resource books. "
"teacher resource materials. calendars or cut outs. "
"teacher resource materials. character education resource materials. "
"teacher resource materials. classroom activity books. "
"teacher resource materials. critical thinking resource materials. "
"teacher resource materials. cross curriculum guides. "
"teacher resource materials. curriculum guides. "
"teacher resource materials. fabric charts. "
"teacher resource materials. flannel board aids. "
"teacher resource materials. educator gifts. "
"teacher resource materials. grading stamps. "
"teacher resource materials. hall passes. "
"teacher resource materials. home education resource materials. "
"teacher resource materials. homework assignment resources. "
"teacher resource materials. idea books. "
"teacher resource materials. magnetic board aids. "
"teacher resource materials. name plates or tags. "
"teacher resource materials. teacher plan books. "
"teacher resource materials. pocket charts. "
"teacher resource materials. teacher communication postcards. "
"teacher resource materials. professional teacher resource books. "
"teacher resource materials. teacher classroom grading books. "
"teacher resource materials. classroom student seating charts. "
"teacher resource materials. substitute teacher folders or forms. "
"teacher resource materials. technology activity or resource books. "
"teacher resource materials. technology reference guides. "
"teacher resource materials. test taking resource materials. "
"teacher resource materials. theme unit resource materials. "
"teacher resource materials. middle or junior school teaching kits. "
"teacher resource materials. laboratory manuals. "
"teacher resource materials. sentence strips or rolls. "
"teacher resource materials. pointing sticks. "
"teacher resource materials.  school supply set or kit. set of school supplies of different types for students. "
"teacher resource materials.  flip chart. a stationery item resembling a whiteboard, typically supported on a tripod or four-legged easel. a pad of paper sheets is typically fixed to the upper edge. such charts are commonly used for presentations.. "
"church school educational resources. . "
"church school educational resources. bible reference guides. "
"church school educational resources. bible based dramas. "
"church school educational resources. bible based resource or activity books. "
"church school educational resources. sunday school activity resource books. "
"church school educational resources. vacation bible school resources. "
"church school educational resources. holy emblems or symbols. "
"church school educational resources. prayer beads. "
"church school educational resources. prayer wheels. "
"church school educational resources. religious product kits or supplies. "
"church school educational resources. patens. "
"church school educational resources. vestments. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. . "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet activity books. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet cubes. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet desk tapes. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet kits. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet letter tiles. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet poster cards. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet reference guides. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet resource books. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet stamps. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. alphabet wall cards. "
"alphabet skills materials and resources. tactile alphabets. "
"word building resource materials and accessories. . "
"word building resource materials and accessories. speech mirror. "
"word building resource materials and accessories. spelling resource materials. "
"word building resource materials and accessories. word building activity books. "
"word building resource materials and accessories. word building kits. "
"word building resource materials and accessories. word building resource books. "
"word building resource materials and accessories. word building tiles. "
"word building resource materials and accessories. word walls. "
"language arts resource materials. . "
"language arts resource materials. adjective resource books. "
"language arts resource materials. adverb resource books. "
"language arts resource materials. grammar resource books. "
"language arts resource materials. noun resource books. "
"language arts resource materials. punctuation resource books. "
"language arts resource materials. verb resource books. "
"phonics resource materials and accessories. . "
"phonics resource materials and accessories. phonics activity books. "
"phonics resource materials and accessories. phonics drill cards. "
"phonics resource materials and accessories. phonics kit. "
"phonics resource materials and accessories. phonics picture cards. "
"phonics resource materials and accessories. phonics resource books. "
"phonics resource materials and accessories. phonics tiles. "
"reading books and resources. . "
"reading books and resources. reading activity books. "
"reading books and resources. beginning reading books. "
"reading books and resources. bible based childrens literature books. "
"reading books and resources. childrens literature books. "
"reading books and resources. critical reading skills. "
"reading books and resources. flannel boards. "
"reading books and resources. poetry resource books. "
"reading books and resources. reading comprehension materials. "
"reading books and resources. reading development materials or kits. "
"reading books and resources. reading resource books. "
"reading books and resources. reading thematic units. "
"reading books and resources. vocabulary activity or resource books. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. . "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. abacus or counting frames. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. activity or resource books for working with early math manipulatives. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. activity cards for working with early math manipulatives. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. beads or bead activity sets for early math. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. counters or counter activity sets for early math. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. counting or sorting trays or bowls for early math. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. laces or lacing sets for early math. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. linking manipulatives or linking activity sets for early math. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. math game chips or tokens. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. number cards. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. number forms models or accessories. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. pegboards for early math. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. pegs for early math. "
"early learning math and counting resources and accessories. sorting manipulatives or sorting activity sets for early math. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. . "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. addition activity or resource books. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. basic operations models. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. basic operations reference guides. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. division activity or resource books. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. multiplication activity or resource books. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. subtraction activity or resource books. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. number desk tapes. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. hundreds charts or boards. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. hundreds number tiles. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. number kits. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. number lines. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. numeration activity or resource books. "
"basic math operations and numeration resources and materials. dominoes. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. . "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. two sided counters or tokens. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. spinners. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. dice sets. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. probability activity or resource books. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. logic activity or resource books. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. attribute blocks. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. attribute blocks activity cards. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. attribute activity or resource books. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. graphing mat. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. graphing activity or resource books. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. logic games. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. attribute sets or kits. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. problem solving activity or resource books. "
"probability or chance or data or problem solving teacher resource materials. problem solving activity cards. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. . "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pattern blocks or parquetry blocks activity or resource books. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pattern blocks. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pattern block activity or pattern cards. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pattern block games or activity sets. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pattern block stickers. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pattern blocks mirror. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pattern blocks charts or posters. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. parquetry blocks. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. parquetry blocks activity or pattern cards. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. parquetry blocks activity sets. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. tangrams activity or resource books. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. tangram activity or pattern cards. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. tangram puzzle activity sets. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. tangrams puzzles. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pentominoes activity and resource books. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pentominoes. "
"patterning or matching or spatial perception or logical thinking teacher resource materials. pentominoes activity sets. "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. . "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. base ten blocks. "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. base ten or place value activity or resource books. "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. base ten or place value activity cards. "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. base ten rubber stamps. "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. place value grids. "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. place value games or activity sets. "
"base ten and place value teacher resource materials. place value models or accessories. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. . "
"money and time teacher resource materials. money activity or resource books. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. bulk bills for the classroom. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. bulk coins for the classroom. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. coin cubes or dice. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. magnetic money. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. overhead bills. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. overhead coins. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. money puzzles. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. money rubber stamps. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. coin bank. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. money games or kits. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. play cash registers. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. money reference guides. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. time activity or resource books. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. time rubber stamps. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. time kits. "
"money and time teacher resource materials. time reference guides. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. . "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction circles or squares. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. decimal squares. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction activity books. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction bars. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction charts. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction dice. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction games. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction kits. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fraction tiles. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. fractions discs. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. pentominoes activity book. "
"fractions and pentominoes and decimals teaching aids. pentominoes pattern cards. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. . "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geometry activity or resource books. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geometry charts or posters. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geoboards. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geometric construction sets. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. double sided geoboards. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geoboard games or activity kits. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geoboard rubber bands. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geoboards activity cards. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geometric chalkboard drawing instruments. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geometry reference guides. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geomirror. "
"geometry teacher resource materials. geometric solids models. "
"algebra teacher resource materials. . "
"algebra teacher resource materials. algebra activity or resource books. "
"algebra teacher resource materials. centimeter cubes. "
"algebra teacher resource materials. algebra or pre algebra reference guides. "
"algebra teacher resource materials. algebra models or accessories. "
"precalculus and calculus teacher resource materials. . "
"precalculus and calculus teacher resource materials. calculus activity or resources books. "
"precalculus and calculus teacher resource materials. precalculus or calculus reference guides. "
"precalculus and calculus teacher resource materials. precalculus activity or resource books. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. . "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. geography charts or posters. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. continents activity or resource books. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. electronic social studies learning aids. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. geography reference guides. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. map racks. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. map stencil kits. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. portable wall maps. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. geography resource or activity books. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. map measurers. "
"geography and map skills resources and accessories. map teaching aids or materials. "
"political science. . "
"political science. economics activity or resource books. "
"political science. government activity or resource books. "
"political science. government reference guides. "
"political science. state theme units. "
"multicultural activities and resources. . "
"multicultural activities and resources. ancient civilizations resources. "
"multicultural activities and resources. customs or rituals or traditions resources. "
"multicultural activities and resources. ethnic diversity resources. "
"multicultural activities and resources. genealogy resources. "
"multicultural activities and resources. multicultural holidays resources. "
"multicultural activities and resources. multicultural theme units. "
"foreign languages resources. . "
"foreign languages resources. resources for learning to speak spanish. "
"foreign languages resources. resources for learning to speak french. "
"foreign languages resources. resources for learning to speak german. "
"foreign languages resources. resources for learning to speak english. "
"foreign languages resources. resources for learning to speak latin. "
"foreign languages resources. resources for learning to speak italian. "
"history teaching resources. . "
"history teaching resources. african history resource books. "
"history teaching resources. history charts or posters. "
"history teaching resources. european history resource books. "
"history teaching resources. historical maps. "
"history teaching resources. history theme units. "
"history teaching resources. history photo cards. "
"history teaching resources. history resource books. "
"history teaching resources. womans history resources. "
"history teaching resources. world history resources. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. . "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. amphibia models. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. fungi cultures. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. culture kits or supplies. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. protozoan cultures. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. aquaria plants. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. terrarium plants. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. live invertebrates. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. live vertebrates. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. dissection kits or supplies. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. preserved embryos. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. biospheres. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. biology experiment kits or supplies. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. staining kits or supplies. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. preserved life cycle specimens. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. biology reference guides. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. skeleton or bone or shell specimen. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. biology resource or activity books. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. biology study or activity kits. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. biology charts or posters. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. preserved plant body or organ specimens. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. biology activity or photo cards. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. plant life cycle specimens. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. combination organism specimens. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. animal body or body part or organ specimens. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. ecosystem displays. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. human body or body part or organ specimens. "
"living organisms and preserved specimens and related materials. anatomy charts or sets. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. . "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. deoxyribonucleic acid dna models. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. deoxyribonucleic acid dna experiment kits. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. genetics books. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. genetics kits. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. bacteria teaching kits. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. bacteria testing supplies. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. enzymology kits or supplies. "
"biotechnology and bio chemistry and genetics and microbiology and related materials. protein testing kits or supplies. "
"body systems and related materials. . "
"body systems and related materials. human body or body part or organ models. "
"body systems and related materials. cell models. "
"body systems and related materials. cell teaching kits. "
"body systems and related materials. body systems teaching kits. "
"body systems and related materials. body systems teaching aids. "
"body systems and related materials. plant body or body part or organ models. "
"body systems and related materials. animal body or body part or organ models. "
"water testing and conservation and ecology. . "
"water testing and conservation and ecology. water testing chemicals. "
"water testing and conservation and ecology. water testing and sampling kits. "
"water testing and conservation and ecology. water models. "
"water testing and conservation and ecology. water ecology supplies. "
"astronomy. . "
"astronomy. astronomy models. "
"astronomy. astronomy charts. "
"astronomy. astronomy study kits. "
"astronomy.  sun compass. devices used to identify the solar altitude and seasonal chances through detecting the solar movement. it consists of dumb compass and the transparent hemisphere.. "
"astronomy.  solar simulator. pseudo sun light systems designed to simulate the solar energy by creating light intensity, spectrum and parallelism by replicating the sun.. "
"astronomy.  planetarium. devices used to observe the celestial movements by making pin hole on the globe in shape of stars according to the stellar magnitude, and projecting the light through the hole, thus showing the constellation onto the dome-style screen.. "
"astronomy.  planetary model. an astronomy model in which models of earth and moon are arranged with the sun in the center, and can explain phenomenon of rotation of earth on its axis and around the sun, day and night, solar eclipse and lunar eclipse, and changes in seasons.. "
"astronomy.  celestial globe. a device with constellation and ecliptic on celestial sphere in the form of terrestrial globe. it can explain circumnavigation of celestial globe, location of stars, changes in constellation according to seasons.. "
"astronomy.  manual star chart. a manual-type of astronomical study material that enables the accurate observation of location and diurnal motion of stars.. "
"geology and earth science. . "
"geology and earth science. rock specimen sets. "
"geology and earth science. rock specimens. "
"geology and earth science. fossils. "
"geology and earth science. landform models. "
"geology and earth science. fossil models. "
"geology and earth science. geology tools or field. "
"geology and earth science. stream tables. "
"geology and earth science. geology study kits. "
"geology and earth science.  cloud apparatus. instruments designed to detect or demonstrate the formation of clouds through the adiabatic change in the airtight spaces.. "
"geology and earth science.  moon observation apparatus. devices used to monitor and records the location, the altitude and the formation change of the moon.. "
"geology and earth science.  weather simulator. devices which reproduce a few types of atmospheric phenomena including the cloud movement, the change of atmospheric pressure and the path of the typhoon which are invisible to the naked eye.. "
"geology and earth science.  soil accumulation apparatus. a device used to show the accumulation of the soil. it can show the change of the sedimentation velocity by the particle size.. "
"geology and earth science.  coriolis force apparatus. apparatuses used to experiment the corioli force which is virtual energy and appears from the spinning thing. "
"geology and earth science.  terrestrial globe. auxiliary material for earth science-related education in order for user to recognize earth as a globe by expressing the status of earth surface without modification in mutual spatial relationship, and to understand location and relation of each location on the globe, as well as movement of earth and relationship between day and night and seasons.. "
"geology and earth science.  mineral model. a model of mineral under the ground with same shape and size for educational or exhibition purposes.. "
"geology and earth science.  rotating cylinder. a device that is used to observe the air current changes in the atmosphere. this is the electric motor type rotating table for multi-purpose experiments for the centrifugal force and deflecting force experiments.. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. . "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. periodic table posters or boards. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. consumer analysis kits. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. chemistry class kits. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. chemistry demonstration kits. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. atomic models. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. molecular models. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. electrochemical demonstration tools. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. electrochemical kits. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. fuel cells. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry. microchemistry tools. "
"chemistry and electrochemistry and microchemistry.  milikans oil drop apparatus. instruments used to calculate the quantity of electric charge using the gravity and electric power that influences the electron, which was designed by robert milikan. "
"mechanical physics materials. . "
"mechanical physics materials. force tables. "
"mechanical physics materials. gravity models or model sets. "
"mechanical physics materials. inclined planes. "
"mechanical physics materials. friction apparatus. "
"mechanical physics materials. physic cars. "
"mechanical physics materials. pendulum apparatus. "
"mechanical physics materials. torque apparatus. "
"mechanical physics materials. projectile apparatus. "
"mechanical physics materials. air tables. "
"mechanical physics materials. air apparatus. "
"mechanical physics materials. light or photo apparatus. "
"mechanical physics materials.  magdeburg hemisphere. devices used to pull apart two hemispheres after attaching two hemisphere and make them vacuumized. the devices can demonstrate the existence of air pressure.. "
"mechanical physics materials.  newtons ring apparatus. devices used to demonstrate the phenomena of newtons ring, the interference phenomena of the light between two thin films.. "
"mechanical physics materials.  air track. air tracks with low friction on which high-pressued air is pumped through a hollow track with fine holes all along the track that allows cars to glide relatively friction-free.. "
"mechanical physics materials.  centripetal force apparatus. devices used to study the centripetal force when an object has a circulation movement.. "
"mechanical physics materials.  tensile modulus apparatus. devices to experiment youngs modulus, the ratio of extension and transformation of an object when it is extended under tension.. "
"mechanical physics materials.  newtonian demonstrator. an experimental device in which steel wire is dually arranged in v shape with steel ball attached to its end. it is used to verify the law of conservation of momentum and static inertia, etc.. "
"mechanical physics materials.  recording timer. it is used in measurement of acceleration and deceleration of moving objects, and records in dotting format by oscillating at uniform speed.. "
"mechanical physics materials.  physics lesson kit. educational material used to teach physics. "
"energy and power physics materials. . "
"energy and power physics materials. solar collecting devices. "
"energy and power physics materials. solar kits. "
"energy and power physics materials. energy demonstration kits. "
"energy and power physics materials. energy class kits. "
"energy and power physics materials. matter demonstration kits. "
"energy and power physics materials. matter class kits. "
"energy and power physics materials. monometers. "
"energy and power physics materials. gas diffusion apparatus. "
"energy and power physics materials.  heat conduction apparatus. devices to study heat conduction from high to low degree without the movement of an object.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  thermal radiation and convection apparatus. devices used to demonstrate convection, an indirect transmission of the heat and radiation, and direct transmission of the heat.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  hookes law apparatus. an apparatus used to demonstrate hookes law that states that the extension of a spring is in direct proportion with the load added to it as long as this load does not exceed the elastic limit.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  frank hertz apparatus. an experimental apparatus used to demonstrate the existence of the energy level through the drop of the electron in the atom by colliding the electron with the atom.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  liquid expansion apparatus. an experimental device used to test the expansion of liquid by temperature. it can calculate the coefficient of liquid expansion by measuring the liquid volume which expands as the temperature increase.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  boyles law apparatus. an apparatus used to experiment boyles law that states that in constant temperature the pressure and volume of the gas is inversely proportional.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  pascals principle apparatus. a device used to demonstrate pascals principle that states that the pressure of an enclosed incompressible fluid is conveyed undiminished to every part of the fluid and to the surfaces of its container.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  archimedes principle apparatus. a device used to demonstrate archimedes principle that states that any object immersed in a fluid is buoyed up by a force equal to the weight of the fluid displaced by the object.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  bernoullis theorem apparatus. an apparatus used to demonstrate bernoullis theorem that states that the sum of potential and kinetic energy is conserved.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  centrifugal pump apparatus. a device used to test the principle of operation of centrifugal pump by centrifugal force which is produced when liquid is revolved by an impeller.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  ventury tube apparatus. a device used to know the principle and operation of the venturi tube which is used to measure the flow velocity and its pressure.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  reynolds number measuring apparatus. an apparatus used to measure reynolds number, the flow regime such as turbulent flow and laminar flow when the object is placed on the fluid or when the fluid flows in the pipe.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  inertia moment apparatus. a device used to experiment the inertia moment which refers to the measure of an objects resistance to changes in its rotation.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  gravitational force apparatus. a device used to experiment the universal gravitational constant and the principle of gravitation force that states that the force is directly proportional to the product of the two masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between the point masses.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  torsion balance. devices used to monitor and measure the moment operating at the same time including gravitation forces and repulsive forces by measuring torsion angles of the thin fiber.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  refrigeration system analyzer. equipment that can perform experiments on principle of refrigeration, refrigeration cycle, understanding of morier diagram, verification of flow and changes in status of refrigerant, leakage test for refrigeration drainage section, operation of refrigeration, and causes for and measures against defectiveness.. "
"energy and power physics materials.  torricellis law apparatus. equipment that is designed to experiment the law of e. torricelli on the velocity released by the inner liquid from the small hole in the wall of the vessel in the event that the viscosity of liquid is small and the influence is neglected.. "
"wave and sound physics materials. . "
"wave and sound physics materials. wave generators. "
"wave and sound physics materials. wave tanks. "
"wave and sound physics materials. wave springs. "
"wave and sound physics materials. wave demonstration sets. "
"wave and sound physics materials. tuning forks. "
"wave and sound physics materials. doppler demonstrators. "
"wave and sound physics materials. resonance apparatus. "
"wave and sound physics materials. sound meters. "
"wave and sound physics materials. wave apparatus. "
"wave and sound physics materials. spectroscopes. "
"wave and sound physics materials. spectrum charts. "
"wave and sound physics materials. light demonstration kits. "
"wave and sound physics materials. color charts or samples. "
"wave and sound physics materials. radiometer. "
"wave and sound physics materials. reflection or refraction apparatus. "
"wave and sound physics materials. optics sets or kits. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  ripple tank apparatus. a device used to experiment general features of water wave, such as reflection, refraction, diffraction, interference and phased array.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  planck constant apparatus. a device used to measure the plank constant, the proportionality constant between energy of a photon and the frequency of its associated electromagnetic wave.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  balmer lamp. a gas discharge tube with vapor filled inside. it can monitor balmer series line spectrum in the field of visible ray domain of 1h.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  kundt apparatus. an apparatus for experiment in which a bar is vibrated vertically and its wave length is measured through resonance in the glass tube with a view to measuring the velocity of sound in the solid, liquid and air.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  photoelectric effect apparatus. a device used to test the photoelectric effect through the process when electrons are emitted from the surface of matter via the photoelectric effect from phototubes, the current that emits from the opposite side is measured.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  elementary optical bench set. a device for observing the shadow using the light, distance and direction. it can also be used to observe the size, brightness and location of an object by moving the source of the light, object and the screen.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  simple harmonic oscillator. a device used to experiment the simple harmonic motion, the most basic motion. this motion can be detected by uniform motion and constant motion under the central axis.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  wave optics apparatus. a device used to experiment phenomena, such as interference, diffraction, dispersion and polarization of the light caused by undulation.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  holography apparatus. recording of interference fringe pattern of light with 2 channels induced from a single 1-color light source onto dry photosensitized plate is referred to as hologram, and the photographic technique of reproducing this image is referred to as holography. this is equipment that tests such holography.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  optical magic mirror. a device that is composed of 2 parabolic mirrors at the upper and lower parts. the ceiling part of the upper parabolic mirror is open that the device may observe the phases of object for observations through this part.. "
"wave and sound physics materials.  focal distance measuring equipment. equipment used in measuring the distance to the center and focal point of lens or spherical mirror by moving the distance movement equipment (career) to which lens is attached to its optical bench.. "
"electrical physics materials. . "
"electrical physics materials. van degraff generators. "
"electrical physics materials. electrostatic apparatus. "
"electrical physics materials. electrostatic kits. "
"electrical physics materials. electricity kits. "
"electrical physics materials. electricity demonstration boards. "
"electrical physics materials. battery kits. "
"electrical physics materials. hand held generators. "
"electrical physics materials. electromagnetic apparatus. "
"electrical physics materials. magnetism apparatus. "
"electrical physics materials. electromagnets. "
"electrical physics materials. electric bells or accessories. "
"electrical physics materials. electric lead wires or cables. "
"electrical physics materials.  ohms law apparatus. a device used to experiment ohms law that states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference, and inversely proportional to the resistance between them.. "
"electrical physics materials.  discharge tube. devices used to study an arrangement of electrodes in a gas within an insulating, temperature-resistant envelope. they are used for experiments of electric discharge including glow discharge, corona discharge and arc discharge and gas spectrum.. "
"electrical physics materials.  transformer experiment apparatus. a device used to experiment the principle of a transformer that changes current and voltage using electromagnetic induction.. "
"electrical physics materials.  thermoelectric effect apparatus. an apparatus experimenting seebeck effect, a phenomenon in which a temperature difference between two dissimilar electrical conductors or semiconductors produces a voltage difference between the two substances and peltier effect, the inversed effect to seebeck effect.. "
"electrical physics materials.  electric equipotential apparatus. a device for measuring and experimenting same potential points in the electromagnetic fields. it is used to experiment equipotential in which the current is sent to the conductor line making the direction of electromagnetic fields, and to experiment the differences of equipotential among the fields caused by electrodes.. "
"electrical physics materials.  photoelectric apparatus. a device which can demonstrate the photo electric effect and the planck constant by using the photo electric tube. it can identify the wave length of the light, and it consists of a photo electric tube, the amperemeter, the light source, and the current amplifier.. "
"electrical physics materials.  leyden jar. a condenser made with an insulated glass bottle with tin foil inside and outside of the glass. it stores static electricity and is used for the discharge experiment.. "
"electrical physics materials.  cloud chamber. a experimental device which enables the observation of the path of radial rays in which the air is infused into the chamber and expanded adiabatically, then water vapor is made. when the light is radiated, the radiation can be detected in path.. "
"electrical physics materials.  zeeman effect apparatus. a device used to experiment zeeman effect, the splitting of a spectral line into several components in the presence of a static magnetic field caused by the electric spin.. "
"electrical physics materials.  coulombs law apparatus. equipment to experiment the coulombs law that force acting between 2 small electrified bodies is proportional to 2-times the quantity of electric charges, and reversely proportional to the square of distance between these 2 bodies.. "
"electrical physics materials.  discharger. a device that is used to attach at the tip of the ebonite handle by bending the metal bar and it is used in the discharge experiment of different electrified bodies.. "
"electrical physics materials.  faradays law apparatus. equipment that is used to experiment the law of electronic induction of m. faraday, which induces the voltage with the magnetic field within the coil changed by moving the magnet in the coil wrapped with the conducting wire.. "
"electrical physics materials.  flemings law apparatus. equipment that is used to experiment the j.a. flemings rule, which is to display the relationship with the direction of the magnetic field and the force working on the conducting wire flowing of the current placed within magnetic field.. "
"electrical physics materials.  hall effect apparatus. equipment that is used to experiment the phenomenon in generating the displacement difference between the place with the electric charge and place without the electric charge due to the skewing of electric charge in one side.. "
"electrical physics materials.  armature test system. a type of experimental equipment that is used to experiment the characteristics and the operation principle of power generator and armature of motor by igniting the luminescent diode following the penetration of the bar magnet on the coil center.. "
"electrical physics materials.  crookes tube. a discharge tube with level of vacuum of less than 0.1mmhg of pressure, and is also referred to as vacuum discharge tube.. "
"electrical physics materials.  rotating magnetic field generator. equipment that is used to experiment the rotating magnetic field that seems to make the rotation of magnetic field changing in time.. "
"electrical physics materials.  fluorescent light demonstration device. equipment that is used to experiment the principle of fluorescent light discharged with light which is obtained by applying the fluorescent material on the interior wall of the discharge tube that radiates the ultraviolet ray.. "
"nuclear physics materials. . "
"nuclear physics materials. radioactivity sets. "
"nuclear physics materials. geiger counters. "
"nuclear physics materials. electron apparatus. "
"nuclear physics materials. radiation warning signs. "
"nuclear physics materials. nuclear physics transparencies. "
"nuclear physics materials. nuclear physics charts. "
"rocketry and flight materials and supplies. . "
"rocketry and flight materials and supplies. rocket sets. "
"rocketry and flight materials and supplies. launching apparatus. "
"rocketry and flight materials and supplies. altitude measuring devices. "
"rocketry and flight materials and supplies. airplane kits. "
"life skills resources instructional materials. . "
"life skills resources instructional materials. building listening skills instructional materials. "
"life skills resources instructional materials. study skills instructional materials. "
"life skills resources instructional materials. test preparation instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. . "
"career education instructional materials. career education or planning or decision making skills instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. basic job skills instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. job search skills instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. time management skills instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. interview skills instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. resume skills instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. work ethics or attitude training instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. team building skills instructional materials. "
"career education instructional materials. business etiquette instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. . "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. personal finance or money management education instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. shopping or consumer skills instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. independent living instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. understanding consumer credit or loans instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. insurance coverage or insurance comparison instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. home buying instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. apartment rental instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. car buying educational aids. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. brand marketing or advertising instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. relationship building or family life skills instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. developing self concept and self esteem instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. violence avoidance education or violence prevention instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. anger resolution training instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. teaching patience skills instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. tolerance training instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. personal safety instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. personal conflict resolution instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. practical teen advice guides. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. developing social skills instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. manners or etiquette or courtesy instructional aids. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. understanding or dealing with cultural diversity instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. how to read body language instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. developing resiliency instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. understanding community service instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. developing refusal skills instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. responsibility or ddecision making skills instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. understanding teens legal rights instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. repercussions of dropping out of school instructional materials. "
"consumer economics and money management and independent living instructional materials. race relations videos. "
"home and interior design instructional materials. . "
"home and interior design instructional materials. feng shui instructional materials. "
"home and interior design instructional materials. instructional materials for using color or paint for home decoration. "
"home and interior design instructional materials. instructional materials for home planning or design. "
"home and interior design instructional materials. landscaping design instructional materials. "
"home and interior design instructional materials. instructional materials for home decorating or furnishing. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. . "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. dietary guidelines or balanced diets educational resources. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. nutritional curriculum menu planning skills instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. understanding nutrition labeling instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. food shopping instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. healthy food choices demonstration units. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. understanding the effects of dietary fat instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. understanding vegetarianism instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. recipe books or cook books. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. eating disorders education instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. weight control or exercise instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. kitchen measurements of solids or liquids instructional aids. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. kitchen equivalants or kitchen math instructional aids. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. kitchen utensils instructional aids. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. kitchen safety or sanitation instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. food safety instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. food science activities instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. cooking skills instruction instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. table manners or eating etiquette instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. table setting instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. food service training instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. drug or tobacco or alcohol abuse education instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. smoking simulators. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. understanding addiction or addiction avoidance instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. teen depression symptoms instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. teen suicide avoidance training instructional materials. "
"health education and nutrition and food preparation instructional materials. coping with stress instructional materials. "
"memory books and supplies. . "
"memory books and supplies. memory books. "
"memory books and supplies. memory book posts or extenders. "
"memory books and supplies. memory book paper. "
"memory books and supplies. acid free glue sticks. "
"memory books and supplies. acid free tape. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. . "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. sewing skills instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. sewing project materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. understanding clothing construction or workmanship instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. clothing design or fashion instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. personal color analysis instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. fashion merchandising or retail fundamentals instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. science of fabrics or fibers instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. clothing care or maintenance or laundering instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. materials for teaching the art of design color on fabric. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. fabric dyes or paints instructional materials. "
"clothing and textile design instructional materials. quilting projects instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. . "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. sex education or sexually transmitted disease instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. prenatal nutrition resources or fetal abuse instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. parenting skills instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. child development instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. understanding date rape or dating skills or harassment instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. childbirth education instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. pregnancy from conception through birth instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. understanding the risks of birth defects instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. pregnancy simulators. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. infant simulators and accessories. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. infant care training instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. understanding physical or emotional child abuse instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. discipline skill education instructional materials for parents. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. home safety or childproofing instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. cardio pulmonary resusitation or basic life support instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. understanding childhood illnesses instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. understanding attention deficit hyperactivity disorder instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. child caregiver instructional materials. "
"dating and sex and teen pregnancy and parenting skills and child development instructional materials. babysitting instructional materials. "
"curriculum guides and projects and activities and lessons. . "
"curriculum guides and projects and activities and lessons. middle school curriculum resource or idea books. "
"curriculum guides and projects and activities and lessons. high school curriculum resource or idea books. "
"curriculum guides and projects and activities and lessons. home economics independent study projects. "
"curriculum guides and projects and activities and lessons. home economics projects or activities resources or guides. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. . "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. automotive teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. construction teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. drafting or design teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. electronics or electricity teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. graphic arts or photography teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. horticulture teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. manufacturing teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. safety or hazardous teaching aids or materials. "
"vocational teaching aids and materials. welding teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. . "
"technology teaching aids and materials. agriculture teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. biotechnology teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. communications teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. computer science teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. energy or power teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. environmental teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. materials teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. medical teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. transportation teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. weapon system teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. engine or engine parts teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. navigational instrument teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. fluid mechanics or machines teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. robotics teaching aids or materials. "
"technology teaching aids and materials. cooling systems teaching aids or materials. "
"forensic science teaching equipment and supplies. . "
"forensic science teaching equipment and supplies. forensic science kits. "
"forensic science teaching equipment and supplies. forensic science teaching aids or materials. "
"electronics teaching supplies and equipment. . "
"electronics teaching supplies and equipment. electronics kits. "
"electronics teaching supplies and equipment. electronics teaching supplies. "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. . "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. buddhist statue. a statue that expresses the subject of worship in buddhism. includes the statue of bodhisattva, statue of heavenly kings, statue of wisdom king, and the statue of arhan and others.. "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. holy mother and son statue. a statue portraying jesus of nazareth and his mother, mary.. "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. ecclesiastical cross. a christian symbol representing the teachings and sacrifice of jesus of nazareth.. "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. tableware for memorial service. tableware used in religious rituals including sacrificial rites, and is manufactured with tree and brass.. "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. incense burner. tableware with diameter of approximately 200~300mm and height of 300~400mm used to burn incense, and is made of tin and brass, etc.. "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. harubang. one of protecting deities made of rock of jeju island and made of basalt. it literally means a grandfather made of rock.. "
"religious supplies. materials that symbolize religions, religious beliefs or are used in performing religious ceremonies.. altar kit. set of tools, components or pieces such as purifiers, manuterges, pallium, fabric, etc., to decorate or prepare altars.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. . "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. block assembly test. a testing device in which the subject assembles or makes wooden block with various sizes and shapes in accordance with the drawing presented in the problem, and measures the spatial determination ability of the subject by measuring the time taken to assemble the required shape.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. form perception test. a testing device for work aptitude of subject by measuring the speed of form perception of various model within prescribe time with model devices with various forms through perception ability of fingers, etc.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. speed anticipation reaction test. a testing device for presence of work aptitude by having the subjects to predict the speed by continuously arranging lamp on runway with specified distance and by adjusting the speed of light.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. vocational evaluation set. a device used to measure specific occupation that is appropriate for the ability and interest of the subject by analyzing the test data with computer program after having measured abilities and interests related to occupation.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. mental reaction test. a device used to measure the time taken to choose the same by making determination after having seen the presented character or symbol or until the subject presses the button indicated with the same character.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. aim test. occupational aptitude tester that examines whether the subject can execute manual precision works at prescribed level.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. reaction movement test. a device used in testing the reaction movement of prescribed behavior that each individual is equipped with by repetitively or selectively measuring the speed of determination and action of individual.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. two arm coordination test. a device that is used to measure the motion coordination level of tested person among parts of body including eyes and hand, and between both hands, and it is the equipment that tests joint action of muscle and nervous system.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. discrimination tool. a tool used to measure and evaluate discrimination through execution of work training that is similar to the actual works within prescribed standards and time.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. assembly testing tool. a tool used to measure and evaluate assembling ability through execution of work training that is similar to the actual works within prescribed standards and time.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. packaging testing tool. a tool used to measure and evaluate packing ability through execution of work training that is similar to the actual works within prescribed standards and time.. "
"aptitude and vocational testing materials. devices used in measuring level of skill after having completed aptitude or occupational training of individual.. eye arm coordination test. a measurement device for psychological and aptitude test that measures the coordination action of eyes and both arms.. "
