"cutting equipment. . "
"cutting equipment. continuous mining equipment. "
"cutting equipment. longwall shears. "
"cutting equipment. coal cutters. "
"cutting equipment. rock cutters. "
"cutting equipment.  cutter chain for mining. these are chain attachments to cutting tools used in mining. "
"cutting equipment.  cutter bar. bar that chain runs around on cutter head.bar is attached to cutting machine used to cut coal or rock.. "
"screens and feeding equipment. . "
"screens and feeding equipment. screens. "
"screens and feeding equipment. feeders. "
"screens and feeding equipment. drain hole screen. "
"screens and feeding equipment. gearmotors. "
"screens and feeding equipment.  apron feeder. this conveyor has metallic plates linked as a continuous chain which roll over two toothed drives and driven rollers to convey material.. "
"screens and feeding equipment.  weigh belt feeder. weigh belt feeder / conveyor is a like a small belt conveyor with load cells under the belt to measure the weight of material conveyed over it. drive is variable speed.. "
"screens and feeding equipment.  electromagnetic vibro feeder. a vibro feeder has a tray which is mounted below a hopper and material is discharged by inducing vibration to this tray electro magnetically through a set of leaf springs.. "
"screens and feeding equipment.  electromechanical vibro feeder. a vibro feeder has a tray which is mounted below a hopper and material is discharged by inducing vibration to this tray through two eccentric weight mechanical vibrators on both sides.. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. . "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. rock crushers. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. roll crushers. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. cone crushers. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. gyratory crushers. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. impact crushers. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. jaw crushers. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. crushing plants. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. rod mills. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. ball mills. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. pulverizing machinery. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. rock breakers. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. earth grinders. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. cyclone or vortex grinders. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders. jaw plates. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders.  crusher bit. bits to crush coal and rock in mining and ore preparation. "
"crushers and breakers and grinders.  crusher hammer. hammers to crush coal and rock in mining and ore preparation. "
"mechanized ground support systems. . "
"mechanized ground support systems. cable bolters. "
"mechanized ground support systems. scissor bolters. "
"mechanized ground support systems. boom bolters. "
"mechanized ground support systems. shotcrete spraying equipment. "
"mechanized ground support systems. mechanized ground support system spare parts or accessories. "
"mechanized ground support systems. commutators. "
"secondary rock breaking systems. . "
"secondary rock breaking systems. blockholer or drill and load systems. "
"secondary rock breaking systems. repetitive impact systems. "
"secondary rock breaking systems. secondary rock breaking system spare parts or accessories. "
"exploration and development systems. . "
"exploration and development systems. in the hole drills ith or down the hole dth long hole drills. "
"exploration and development systems. top hammer long hole drills. "
"exploration and development systems. pneumatic shaft sinking jumbos. "
"exploration and development systems. hydraulic shaft sinking jumbos. "
"exploration and development systems. pneumatic horizontal development jumbos. "
"exploration and development systems. hydraulic horizontal development jumbos. "
"exploration and development systems. core drills. "
"exploration and development systems. exploration or development system spare parts or accessories. "
"rock drills. . "
"rock drills. pneumatic rock drills. "
"rock drills. hydraulic rock drills. "
"rock drills. hand held rock drills. "
"rock drills. rock drill spare parts or accessories. "
"rock drills.  steel drill rod. drill rods used to drill holes in underground mine roof for installation of roof support bolt.. "
"rock drills.  vacuum drill rod. a component used in coal mine drilling that has a hollow center to allow vacuum collection of dust. "
"explosive loading machinery. . "
"explosive loading machinery. ammonium nitrate and fuel oil anfo loading machinery. "
"explosive loading machinery. emulsion loading machinery. "
"explosive loading machinery. explosive loading machinery spare parts or accessories. "
"underground mining service vehicles. . "
"underground mining service vehicles. personnel carriers. "
"underground mining service vehicles. crane vehicles. "
"underground mining service vehicles. flat deck material carriers. "
"underground mining service vehicles. bulk material carriers. "
"underground mining service vehicles. utility service vehicles. "
"underground mining service vehicles. elevating platform vehicles or scissor lifts. "
"underground mining service vehicles. underground mining service vehicle spare parts or accessories. "
