"pesticides or pest repellents. . "
"pesticides or pest repellents. rodenticides. "
"pesticides or pest repellents. bird repellents. "
"pesticides or pest repellents. termite shields. "
"pesticides or pest repellents. insecticides. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  abamectin. abamectin is a mixture of avermectins which are derived from the soil bacterium streptomyces avermitilis. it contains avermectin b1a and avermectin b1b. these two components have very similar biological and toxicological properties. it is an effective insecticide and acaricide used to control a wide range of insect and mite pests of agronomic, fruit, vegetable and ornamental crops, and it is used by homeowners for control of fire ants.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  fipronil. fipronil is a member of the phenyl pyrazole class of pesticides that act on the nervous system of insects.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  cypermethrin. non systemic insecticide used to control a wide range of insects in fruits,vines, vegetables, cereals, maize, rice, cotton, forestry and ornamentals, etc.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  deltamethrin. a potent insecticide , effective by contact and ingestion against wide range of pests. it prevents the sodium channels from functioning so that no transmission of nerve impluses can take place.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  fenitrothion. non systemic insecticide to control the chewing, sucking and boring insects in cereals, soft fruit, tropical fruit, vines, rice, sugar cane, vegetables, turf and forestry. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  chlorphyriphos. non systemic insecticide to control coleoptera, diptera, homoptera and lepidoptera in soil or on foliage.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  malathion. non systemic insecticide to control coleoptera, diptera, hemiptera, hymenoptera and lepidoptera in a wide range of crops. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  diazinon. non systemic insecticide and acaricide to control the sucking and chewing of insects and mites in a very wide range of crops including deciduous fruit trees, citrus fruit, vines, olives, bananas, etc.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  carbaryl. a type of insecticide that controls the growth of chewing and sucking insects, controls the growth of earthworms in turf and is used as an animal ectoparasiticide.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  telfubenzuron. a pesticide used to address locust infestations.. "
"pesticides or pest repellents.  non-chemical biological pest control solution. biological control is a method of controlling pests such as insects, mites, weeds and plant diseases using other organisms. it relies on predation, parasitism, herbivory, or other natural mechanisms, but typically also involves an active human management role.. "
"pest control devices. . "
"pest control devices. animal control traps. "
"pest control devices. flying insect control traps. "
"pest control devices. fly swatters. "
"pest control devices. lariats. "
"pest control devices. leghold traps. "
"pest control devices.  ultrasonic pest repeller. a device employing high-frequency sound to repel or deter pests.. "
