"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. . "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. heat sinks. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. semiconductor dies. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. semiconductor wafers. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. integrated circuit packages. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. integrated circuit sockets or mounts. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. discrete component mounts. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. heat sink compounds. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. insulators for heat sinks. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. bare printed circuit boards. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. integrated circuit lids. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. sputtering targets. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories. photo mask. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  bare flexible printed circuit board. rigid or flexible printed circuit boards without mounted electronic components.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  single sided bare printed circuit board. a type of printed circuit board with conductors on one side but no components.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  double sided bare printed circuit board. a type of printed circuit board with conductors on both sides but no components.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  multilayer bare printed circuit board. a type of printed circuit board with no components, consisting of several thin boards, separated by insulating layers and including required internal and external connections.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  heavy layer copper bare printed circuit board. a type of printed circuit board with a heavier than normal layer of cu, greater than 200 microns in thickness, with no components; used in applications of high power distribution, heat dissipation and the like.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  electroplated gold layer bare printed circuit board. a type of printed circuit board without components, which has undergone an electrolytic process to deposit gold pads.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  assembled flexible printed circuit board. a type of printed circuit board using a flexible plastic substrate and having components assembled to it.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  low temperature co fired ceramic substrate. multilayer structure to provide the connections for electronic circuits, similar to printed circuit boards, that are joined just prior to firing. it is fired at lower temperatures allowing co-firing with conductive materials such as silver and gold and allowing the inclusion of components such as resistors into the package.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  ceramic for printed circuit board pcb substrates. various ceramic materials used in the manufacture of printed circuit board substrates.. "
"electronic component parts and raw materials and accessories.  electrical or electronic device holder. a holder that seals off or holds the electric or electronic device or component.. "
