"passenger motor vehicles. . "
"passenger motor vehicles. minibuses. "
"passenger motor vehicles. busses. "
"passenger motor vehicles. automobiles or cars. "
"passenger motor vehicles. station wagons. "
"passenger motor vehicles. minivans or vans. "
"passenger motor vehicles. limousines. "
"passenger motor vehicles. light trucks or sport utility vehicles. "
"passenger motor vehicles. sports car. "
"passenger motor vehicles.  electrically powered vehicle. automobile powered by electricity, or a combination of electricity and alternate fuel source.. "
"passenger motor vehicles.  armored motor vehicle. passenger type vehicle equipped with armor reinforced body and frame. "
"passenger motor vehicles.  plug-in-hybrid electric vehicle. a type of hybrid electric vehicle whose battery can be recharged by plugging it into an external source of electric power, as well by its on-board engine and generator.. "
"product and material transport vehicles. . "
"product and material transport vehicles. dump trucks. "
"product and material transport vehicles. tow trucks. "
"product and material transport vehicles. delivery trucks. "
"product and material transport vehicles. sludge or sewage handling trucks. "
"product and material transport vehicles. water trucks. "
"product and material transport vehicles. cargo trucks. "
"product and material transport vehicles.  concrete transport truck. the concrete transport truck is made to transport and mix concrete from a factory to the construction yard. they are charged with dry materials and water, with the mixing occurring during transport.. "
"product and material transport vehicles.  concrete pump truck. the vehicle that directly loads liquid concrete from a concrete mixer or a mixer plant, and conducts concreting at the work site by sending concrete to the pour location under high pressure through a in-vehicle pipe built on a boom.. "
"product and material transport vehicles.  load motovan. special motor vehicle usually of three wheels used for load and transport of light products.. "
"safety and rescue vehicles. . "
"safety and rescue vehicles. police vehicles. "
"safety and rescue vehicles. ambulances. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  fire fighting pump truck. fire truck equipped with firefighting pumps, hoses and nozzles to put out fire. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  fire fighting water tank truck. fire truck equipped with water tank and water intake device to supply water for pumping. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  fire fighting chemical truck. fire truck equipped with special fire-extinguishing chemicals and spraying devices to fight fires involving oil, gas or other highly flammable and hazardous materials. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  fire fighting ladder truck. fire truck equipped with an extension ladder assembly to put out fire or save lives when fire or other emergency situations occur in high buildings. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  rescue truck. truck equipped with lifesaving devices including winch, hydraulic devices, safety mat and others. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  smoke exhaust truck. truck equipped with a ventilator to clear smoke out of the building in case of fire.. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  smoke exhaust truck with lighting. truck equipped with a ventilator and lighting to remove smoke from buildings at night. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  fire fighting truck with remote control nozzle. truck equipped with arm-typed nozzles which can be operated remotely to assure safety from threat such as toxic substances. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  fire investigation car. specialized vehicle equipped with measuring, analyzing, and data processing devices to investigate the cause of a fire and estimate damage. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  armored ambulance. mine resistant, ambush protected, armored ambulance.. "
"safety and rescue vehicles.  armored recovery vehicle. off-road vehicle with blast protected crew cabin for the purpose of recovering damaged or broken down heavy off-road mine protected vehicles.. "
"motorized cycles. . "
"motorized cycles. motorcycles. "
"motorized cycles. scooters. "
"motorized cycles. mopeds. "
"motorized cycles.  motorcycle sidecar. a three wheeled motorcycle that runs by the motive power from the attached motor.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. . "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. agricultural tractors. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. motor homes. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. snowmobiles or snow scooter. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. golf carts. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. all terrain vehicles tracked or wheeled. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. go cart. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  trailer, travel or caravan. prefabricated living structures attached to a trailer chassis that can be towed from one place to another. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles. quads. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  amphibious vehicle. a vehicle that is viable on land as well as on the water.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  water sprinkling truck. a vehicle specially designed for cleaning the road and for extinguishing fires.it is equipped with a water tank and sprinklers.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  aerial working platform truck. a vehicle designed to support aerial work including the maintenance of street lamps in a safe and effective manner.it is equipped with a truck chassis, a support frame, jacks, outriggers and booms.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  ladder lift truck. a specially designed truck equipped with a ladder and a lift basket, so as to move luggage or any other thing up to a high place.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  refrigerator truck. a specially-designed truck equipped with a refrigeration device on the back side of the truck.it is used to transport food requiring refrigeration.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  waste collection vehicle or garbage truck. a truck with an insulated metal container used to collect and transport garbage or paper.it is sometimes equipped with special devices such as a loader and a knuckle boom.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  oil tank truck. a special truck used to transport oil or oil products including gasoline, light oil, kerosene, etc.it is equipped with chassis, oil tank, hoses and a lubrication system.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  hopper truck. a specially designed truck with telescoping screens at the rear of the truck as openings.the truck can dump bulk materials such as sand, ballast, grain, etc by gradually lowering its screen openings.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  flatbed truck. a truck with an unenclosed bed, e.g., without sides, doors or roof.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  neighborhood electric vehicle nev. a low speed vehicle propelled by a rechargeable battery-powered electric motor.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  road sweeper. a vehicle which cleans surfaces or gutters of the road by using water, brushes, or induction pipes installed on the vehicle.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  tank trucks. a special truck with a rear container and door designed to protect freight from weather or burglary. may also come equipped with with windows, lights and ventilation.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  van trucks. a special motor vehicle with a mounted tank or pump to carry liquid products. oil tanks or hopper trucks are excluded from this group.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  road repair truck. a construction vehicle used for maintenance of aged portions of existing paved road.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  crawler type tractor. a self propelled vehicle that generates towing force in 2 variable crawlers. a tractor that performs various tasks including towing, leveling of ground and transportation of soil depending on the equipment attached to the vehicle.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  guard rail cleaning vehicle. a vehicle that cleans by running along curved surface or flat surface of vertical structure along the road such as tunnel or guardrail. it is equipped with rotating brush and water spraying apparatus on the end of the outrigger that is hydraulically operated.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  sign truck. a vehicle that warns and guides traffic by turning on and off arrow shaped signal made of several light bulbs on the rear of the vehicle.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  snow plow truck. a vehicle with a mounted blower or blade --snow plow-- in front designed to remove accumulated snow from roads and other surfaces.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  salt spreader truck. a vehicle that sprays calcium or sand to melt snow or ice accumulated on the road, runway or other surfaces to prevent slipping.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  mobile media truck. a special vehicle equipped with the broadcasting and advertising equipment including power generator, screen, speaker, monitor.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  mobile office van. a vehicle that is applied to a variety of use for business trip, outdoor work, sales promotion activity, counseling and others on the basis of mobility and convenience with the required facilities for work environment.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  lighting truck. a vehicle equipped with light generating equipment to provide illumination where necessary in emergency, such as filming, night fire, emergency rescue and others.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  outside broadcasting van. a vehicle that is loaded with the required devices for relay from the spot outside of studio at the broadcasting station.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  crowd control truck. a specialized crowd control vehicle equipped with devices for launching gas shells or streams of water to break up crowds such as demonstrations, strikes or others.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  crane truck. a special vehicle which is loaded with a crane to load and unload cargo on a cargo truck. generally, it may make a 360 degree in rotation.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  funeral vehicle or hearse. a special vehicle that is used for funeral to carry the coffin with corpse.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  spray truck. equipment that sprays liquid particles by ejecting from small holes after the liquid chemical is pressed by the pump and sent to the exhaust nozzle. it is consisted of motorized type or towing type loaded in the trailer.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  vacuum truck. a vehicle that removes waste substances and sedimentation within the sewer pipe in vacuuming and absorbing into the sludge tank for vehicle and washing with high water pressure on various sedimentary and residue in the sewer pipes for flawless drainage.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  medical examination and treatment bus. a vehicle equipped with medical equipment designed to provide medical diagnostic and treatment services outside of the hospital.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  bloodmobile. a vehicle equipped with equipment and facilities for blood donation, collection and storage.. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  trailer, mobile classroom. trailers or caravan type towed vehicles used as classrooms for skill development. "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  utility task vehicle utv or recreational off highway vehicle rov. the utv or side by side is a small 2-person or 6-person four wheel drive off-road vehicle also called a recreational off highway vehicle (rov). "
"specialized and recreational vehicles.  mobile laboratory. a laboratory that is either fully housed within or transported by a vehicle such as a converted bus, rv, or tractor-trailer. "
"war vehicles. . "
"war vehicles. tanks. "
"war vehicles. armored fighting vehicles. "
"war vehicles. self propelled artillery. "
"truck tractors. . "
"truck tractors. low cab forward tractors. "
"truck tractors. long nose tractors with sleeper. "
"truck tractors. long nose tractors without sleeper. "
"truck tractors. cab over engine tractors with sleeper. "
"truck tractors. cab over engine tractors without sleeper. "
"truck tractors. tractor head. "
