"fire prevention. . "
"fire prevention. smoke detectors. "
"fire prevention. heat detectors. "
"fire prevention. fire resistant coatings or putties or sealants. "
"fire prevention. flame detectors. "
"fire prevention. fire alarm systems. "
"fire prevention. flame arrestor. "
"fire prevention.  passive firestop system. grouping of multiple devicesand applications into an integrated system for fire prevention.. "
"fire prevention.  belt monitoring system. monitors for gasses heat and fire. "
"fire prevention.  toxic vapor detector. a device that detects and measures the toxic vapor which has not so high of boiling point and is relatively easy to liquefied and warn when it reached the risky level.. "
"fire prevention.  thermal observation device tod. a night observation equipment for the front line monitoring that converts the difference of infrared ray energy released from the identifiable target into the visible image.. "
"fire prevention.  fire hot spot detector. equipment that can be confirmed with the complete fire extinguishing to prevent the recurrence after subduing the fire and confirming the excessive heat as well as the fire location when the hot spot is not confirmed at the fire site.. "
"fire fighting equipment. . "
"fire fighting equipment. fire extinguishers. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire sprinkler systems. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire hoses or nozzles. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire blankets. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire suppression hand tools. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire suppression foam or similar compounds. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire breathing apparatus. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire suppression system. "
"fire fighting equipment. fire escape equipment. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire sprinkler heads. the fire sprinkler heads that are used in making fire sprinkler systems. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire hose cart. a two-wheeled, hand-drawn cart with hose wound on a reel, which is used at commercial and industrial sites.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  backpack water pump. a portable fire extinguisher, designed to be carried by firefighting personnel, which is used to put out small mountain fires and others.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire extinguishing agent. a substance of powder or liquid phase with the fire extinguishing capability used for the fire extinguisher.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire foam liquid proportioner. a device which mixes the foam extinguishing fire agent to the water for fire fighting with certain ratio when requiring the foam extinguishing fire.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  firefighting standpipe. a pipe that is installed on the external wall of the building to supply water for fire-fighting to the fire extinguishing facilities.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  helicopter fire extinguishing water tank. a water container which is attached on the lower part of the helicopter for the purpose of using in the fire extinguishing work.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire hose washer. equipment that saves human resources and time by automatically washing off the fire extinguishing hose attached with the impure substances as it is used in fire extinguishing activities.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire extinguisher base. a support that is placed with the fire extinguisher.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire water monitor. a type of device that is manufactured to liberally release the compressed extinguishing water at the hot spot as it is loaded onto the fire vehicle or outside fire hydrant.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  smoke exhaust fan. equipment that releases the smoke or toxic gas generated when the fire fighters are unable to make the entry with the smoke or toxic gas in the building or basement with the fire breaking out.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire extinguisher storage box. a box that stores the fire equipments, such as fire extinguisher and others.. "
"fire fighting equipment.  fire extinguishing ball or patch. a passive fire suppression or extinguishing device consisting of a hard foam shell or ball wrapped in fuses that lead to a small black powder charge within. the ball bursts shortly after contact with flame at a specific temperature, dispersing a cloud of abc dry chemical powder which extinguishes the fire. the coverage area is about 5 m2 (54 sq ft). one benefit of this type is that it may be used for passive suppression. the ball can be placed in a fire-prone area and will deploy automatically if a fire develops, being triggered by heat. it may also be manually operated by rolling or tossing into a fire. most modern extinguishers of this type are designed to make a loud noise upon deployment.. "
