"transport arranging services. services that arrange the transport of goods for others. . "
"transport arranging services. services that arrange the transport of goods for others. freight forwarders services. "
"transport arranging services. services that arrange the transport of goods for others. customs brokerage services. "
"transport arranging services. services that arrange the transport of goods for others. transportation industry tariff comparison or freight audit services. "
"transport arranging services. services that arrange the transport of goods for others. supplier or vendor managed freight and rebilling. transportation service managed and paid for by the commodity or service supplier and rebilled or passed through to end customer. "
"transport arranging services. services that arrange the transport of goods for others. towing service for commercial and private vehicles. "
"inspection. . "
"inspection. packing inspection services. "
"inspection. cargo survey services. "
"inspection. pest control inspections. "
"navigational services. . "
"navigational services. tugboat services. "
"navigational services. drawbridge operations. "
"navigational services. marine navigational or communication services. "
"navigational services.  dead man anchor service. mooring service using strong buried anchors for holding the vessel in place. "
"terminal services. . "
"terminal services. stevedoring services. "
"terminal services. vessel docking services. "
"terminal services. vessel stores services. "
"terminal services.  loading terminal facility management. turnkey service to operate and manage loading facilities and terminals. "
"terminal services.  aerodrome or airport or aviation facility operations service. service to operate airfield including maintaining and repairing facilities. "
"terminal services.  oil and gas offshore support shore base service. service to support the transport of people and products to and from an offshore platform using sea vessels; includes docking facilities for the support vessels, lay down and marshalling areas, warehousing, materials handling equipment, etc.. "
"terminal services. air traffic control service. "
"transport container rental services. services to lease or rent various types of transport containers to third parties, such as totes, storage baskets, and other cargo containers. . "
"transport container rental services. services to lease or rent various types of transport containers to third parties, such as totes, storage baskets, and other cargo containers. storage basket rental service. service to provide rental baskets used to store and transport materials. "
"transport container rental services. services to lease or rent various types of transport containers to third parties, such as totes, storage baskets, and other cargo containers. tote rental. tote rental for storage or transportation of liquids and solids. "
"transport container rental services. services to lease or rent various types of transport containers to third parties, such as totes, storage baskets, and other cargo containers. intermodal cargo container rental service. service to provide rental of large cargo containers used to store or transport materials via train or ship. "
"transport conveyance rental or lease services. services spanning rental or leasing of vehicles, vessels, aircraft, etc. for the purpose of transporting freight, livestock, passengers, etc.. . "
"transport conveyance rental or lease services. services spanning rental or leasing of vehicles, vessels, aircraft, etc. for the purpose of transporting freight, livestock, passengers, etc.. rental of freight aircraft with operator. "
"transport conveyance rental or lease services. services spanning rental or leasing of vehicles, vessels, aircraft, etc. for the purpose of transporting freight, livestock, passengers, etc.. rental of freight vessel for inland water transport with operator. "
"transport conveyance rental or lease services. services spanning rental or leasing of vehicles, vessels, aircraft, etc. for the purpose of transporting freight, livestock, passengers, etc.. rental of freight vessel for coastal and transoceanic water transport with operator. "
"transport conveyance rental or lease services. services spanning rental or leasing of vehicles, vessels, aircraft, etc. for the purpose of transporting freight, livestock, passengers, etc.. rental of truck with operator. "
"logistics operation management. coordination and management of outsourced logistics control tower services.. . "
"logistics operation management. coordination and management of outsourced logistics control tower services.. claim management. coordination and management of logistics related claims against suppliers / authorities in an outsourced model.. "
"logistics operation management. coordination and management of outsourced logistics control tower services.. small parcel account management. coordination of supplier accounts for small parcel transportation and delivery services.. "
