"ropes. . "
"ropes. cotton rope. "
"ropes. polyester rope. "
"ropes. polypropylene rope. "
"ropes. nylon rope. "
"ropes. wire rope. "
"ropes. hemp rope. "
"ropes. string or twine. "
"ropes. sisal rope. "
"ropes. rubber rope. "
"ropes.  rayon rope. rayon is a material made from synthetic textile fibers produced by forcing a cellulose solution through fine spinnerets and solidifying the resulting filaments, with this material we get a silk-like texture rope but more resistant than silk, and it is good to control mite infestation.. "
"ropes.  linen rope. linen is a material made from the fibers of the flax plan, the linen rope is used in lots of fields like textile, footwear or others.. "
"ropes.  polyethylene rope. polyethylene is a thermoplastic material composed of polymers of ethylene, the polyethylene rope is very difficult to rot or mildew, it has several uses.. "
"ropes.  coconut fiber rope. a rope made of coconut fiber that has high lignin content and low cellulose content, making it resilient and durable, this ropes are rough and strong.. "
"ropes.  jute rope. jute is a long, soft, shiny vegetable fibre that can be spun into coarse, strong threads, it is produced from plants in the genus corchorus, family malvaceae, jute rope is very widely used in a lot of fields.. "
"ropes.  esparto grass rope. a tough, wiry grass (stipa tenacissima) of northern africa and south spain, yielding a fiber used in making ropes very resistants and with a long life.. "
"ropes.  raffia rope. the fiber of the raffia is obtained from the leaves of the raffia palm that is found in south america, africa and madagascar, and with this raw material we get a rope very resistant and with a long life, the raffia can be also synthetic.. "
"ropes.  aloe rope. a rope made of aloe vera, a material that makes this rope very resistant to deterioration.. "
"ropes.  impregnated rope. a special kind of rope that is impregnated with another substance to strengthen or improve performance under specific conditions. examples include resin or tar-impregnated rope.. "
"ropes.  latex rope. a flexible rope made of latex that makes it exceptionally abrasion resistant and uv radiation resistant.. "
"ropes.  vinylon rope. a rope made of nylon spun yarn, a synthetic fiber, with outstanding weatherability and is easy to handle for flexible and non-slippery features.. "
"ropes.  asbestos rope. rope made of yarn and long fibers of asbestos and roll brading.. "
"chains. . "
"chains. safety chains. "
"chains. roller chains. "
"chains. proof coil chains. "
"chains. sash chain. "
"chains. jack chains. "
"chains. coil chains. "
"chains. ball chains. "
"chains. chain links. "
"chains.  hollow pin chain. a serial chain used in industrial machines to be inserted in the sprockets, the hollow pin is at the center of articulation, and always keeps the pitch length.. "
"chains.  silent chain. a multi-leaf inverted tooth steel link chain.. "
"chains.  block chain. a multi-leaf chain mainly used in hoist applications.. "
"chains.  engineering chain. chain designed to operate in elevators, drives and rugged conveyor service.. "
"chains.  conveying chain. chain designed to be used as a conveyor, generally with table top attachments.. "
"chains.  roller or plate top chain. a kind of chain comprised of inner and outer --or top-- plates that provide greater loading capacity and permit higher speed with a single power traction unit.. "
"chains.  pintle chain. a type of chain that has links that are approximately u-shaped. the closed end of each link fits into the open end of the next one; a pin holds the two links together.. "
"chains.  dragline chain. chain built to exact specifications used for lifting or dragging dragline buckets.. "
"chains.  longwall chain. chain used in conjunction with flights to move coal from where it is being mined to conveyors. high impact resistant chain for use on heavy duty longwall haulage and conveyors.. "
"chains.  escalator step chain. a chain used exclusively for escalators that causes the step to move which is the part passengers step onto.. "
"mechanical cable. . "
"mechanical cable. non electric control cables. "
"mechanical cable. lifting cables. "
"mechanical cable. track cables. "
"mechanical cable. non electrical steel cables. "
"mechanical cable. non electrical copper cables. "
"mechanical cable. non electrical aluminum cables. "
"mechanical cable. guy cables. "
"mechanical cable.  non electrical iron cable. cable with non electrical properties made of iron.. "
"mechanical cable.  synthetic cable. a very strong thick rope made of synthetic material, with applications in construction and security. it is non-abrasive and very resistant.. "
"mechanical wire. . "
"mechanical wire. piano steel wire. "
"mechanical wire. staple wire. "
"mechanical wire.  strand or multi filament wire. a group of wire strands bundled or twisted together as a functional unit made of metal, it has several applications.. "
"mechanical wire.  laminated wire. a group of wire strands bundled or twisted together as a laminated functional unit.. "
"straps. . "
"straps. metal straps. "
"straps. leather straps. "
"straps. fiber straps. "
"straps. plastic straps. "
"straps. rubber straps. "
"straps.  ratchet tie down strap. assembly made of a strong, narrow fabric, closely woven, ratchet buckle, and fittings at both ends principally used as strap designed to withstand strain.. "
"security wire. . "
"security wire. razor wire. "
"security wire. barbed wire. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. . "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. cotton cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of cotton fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. nylon cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of nylon fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. metallic cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of metallic fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. silicone cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of silicone fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. latex cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of cotton fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. polyester cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of polyester fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. neoprene cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of neoprene fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. polypropylene cord. a length of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner and shorter, made of polypropylene fibers braided together.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. rubber cord. a type of line thinner and shorter than a rope made of twisted fibers or threads of rubber whose insulation characteristics make it suitable for electrical applications as well as other applications.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. asbestos cord. a line thinner and shorter than a rope comprised of twisted fibers or threads made of asbestos. insulating properties make it suitable for use with electrical applications.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. glass fiber cord. a line thinner and shorter than a rope that is made of fiber cord, a very resistant material.. "
"cords. lengths of flexible material similar to rope, but thinner, shorter and used for tying and binding. \u00a0made of natural or synthetic fibers or threads.. ceramic fiber cord. a line thinner and shorter than a rope made of ceramic fiber, a material very resistant to high temperatures.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. . "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. low carbon steel wire. a type of wire generally referred to as iron wire. it has a carbon content ranging from of 0.06 percent to 0.25 percent and a tensile strength of 35 kilograms per square millimeter.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. hard drawn steel wire. a wire made from metal drawn at room temperature after the thermal disposition of the hard drawn steel material is made from high carbon wire rod.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. stainless steel wire. a steel wire given corrosion resistance by adding 12 percent more chromium. it resists rust because of the passivity film of chromium oxide under the oxidative atmosphere.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. stranded steel wire. a type of wire made up of a coated steel wire and two lines of copper wire. the purpose is to control the electromagnetic interference from external sources.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. oil tempered wire. a type of wire made by the tempering process after quenching the cold work wire and oil in consecutive passes.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. coated steel wire. a type of steel wire coated or plated with other metals, such as zinc or aluminum.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. prestressed concrete steel wire. a high strength steel wire used for a compression member of pre-stressed concrete.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. prestressed concrete stranded steel wire. a steel wire with high strength used to make pre-stressed concrete that is made up of several strips.. "
"non electric iron and steel wire. wire made of iron or steel which is designed to be used for non electrical applications.. iron wire. wire made of iron.. "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. . "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. lead or lead alloy wire. a type of wire made with the main material of lead or lead alloy.. "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. nickel or nickel alloy wire. a type of wire made with the main material of nickel or nickel alloy.. "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. nichrome alloy wire. a type of wire made with an alloy of nickel and chrome.. "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. copper or copper alloy wire. a type of wire made with the main material of copper or copper alloy.. "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. aluminium or aluminium alloy wire. a type of wire made with the main material of aluminum or aluminum alloy.. "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. tin or tin alloy wire. a type of wire made with the main material of tin or tin alloy.. "
"non electric nonferrous metal wire. wire made from non ferrous metals and metal alloys that is not intended for electrical use.. titanium or titanium alloy wire. a type of wire made with the main material of titanium or titanium alloy.. "
