"vegetable seeds and seedlings. . "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. celery seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. chili seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. courgette seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. pea seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. cucumber seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. eggplant seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. endive seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. garlic seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. leek seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. lettuce seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. corn seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. melon seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. onion seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. spinach seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. tomato seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. chard seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. sweet pepper seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. beet seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. cauliflower seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. parsley seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. broccoli seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. cabbage seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. pumpkin seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. brussel sprout seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. squash seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. okra seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. cantaloupe seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings. peanut seeds or seedlings. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  caigua seeds or seedlings. seed of vegetable plant of the cucurbitaceae family. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  asparagus seeds or seedlings. seed of herb plant of the liliaceous plant. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  chickpea seeds or seedlings. seed of herb plant of the leguminous plant. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  fava or broad bean seeds or seedlings. seed of the annual herb climbing plant of the fabacea family. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  centrocema or butterfly pea seed or seedlings. herbaceous tropical leguminous family plant seed-fabacea. originally from tropical america and africa. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  nettle seed or seedlings. urtica genus plant seed of the urticaceae family.  it reaches a height of 50 to 150 cm. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  tarwi seed or seedlings. also known as chocho or lupine, it is a grain with an exceptional nutritional value due to its large amount of proteins, vitamins and minerals. its properties were highly appreciated by andean cultures since pre-hispanic times. it has 41 to 51% protein, 28.2% carbohydrate, 7.1% fiber, 15% calcium 10% iron.. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  lentil seed or seedlings. lentils are legumes that offer important nutritional and culinary possibilities, being a star ingredient in many dishes. the nutritional power of lentils lies, among other aspects, in the possibility of linking them with almost all foods, whether white or blue fish, meats of any kind, vegetables, citrus, etc. its richness in proteins, minerals, vitamins and fiber make this legume a nutritional treasure of our diet.. "
"vegetable seeds and seedlings.  pallar seed or seedlings. an annual herbaceous species of the legume family with scientific name phaseolus lunatus (pallar, carob, habones, lima bean, lima bean, pallar bean or guaracaro). it is grown in various warm and temperate countries its seed is edible. "
"cereal seeds. . "
"cereal seeds. wheat seeds. "
"cereal seeds. colza seeds. "
"cereal seeds. barley seeds. "
"cereal seeds. millet seeds. "
"cereal seeds. oat seeds. "
"cereal seeds. sesame seeds. "
"cereal seeds. linseed seeds. "
"cereal seeds. castor oil seeds. "
"cereal seeds. maize seeds. "
"cereal seeds. rye seeds. "
"cereal seeds. sorghum seeds. "
"cereal seeds.  kiwicha seeds or seedlings. seed of the plant from the amarantacea family of quick growing.. "
"cereal seeds.  quinoa seeds or seedlings. small seed of the plant from chenopodium family. "
"cereal seeds.  rice seeds or seedlings. seed produced from the rice plant.. "
"cereal seeds.  safflower seed. seeds from the safflower plant.. "
"cereal seeds.  teff seed. an annual grass, a species of lovegrass native to the northern ethiopian highlands of east (horn of) africa.  it is high in dietary fibre and iron and provides protein and calcium.  it is similar to millet and quinoa in cooking, but the seed is much smaller and cooks faster, thus using less fuel.. "
"cereal seeds.  sugar cane seed or cutting. sugarcane is a tropical grass that requires a large amount of water to grow. it is a giant grass related to sorghum and maize. it has a solid stem 2-5 feet high with 5 or 6 cm. in diameter. "
"grass and forage seeds and seedlings. . "
"grass and forage seeds and seedlings. clover seeds or seedling. "
"grass and forage seeds and seedlings. alfalfa seeds or seedlings. "
"grass and forage seeds and seedlings. grass seeds or seedlings. "
"grass and forage seeds and seedlings. crown vetch seeds or seedlings. "
"grass and forage seeds and seedlings. guar seeds or seedlings. "
"grass and forage seeds and seedlings.  reed seed or cutting. reed seed or gynerium sagittatum is an herbaceous plant species belonging to the family of grasses. it is native to america.. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. . "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. pepper seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. vanilla seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. cinnamon seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. clove seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. coriander seed or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. ginger seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. saffron seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. thyme seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. curry seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. mustard seeds or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings. ginseng roots or seedlings. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  mushroom seeds or seedlings. seed belonging to the agaricaceae family. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  sacha inchi seeds or seedlings. seed of hermaphrodite plant of the euphorbiaceae family containing high quantity of oil and protein content. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  achiote seeds or seedlings. seed belonging to the bixacea family. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  kudzu seeds or seedlings. seed of permanent tropical leguminous herb plant of deep roots. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  basil seeds or seedlings. seed of the annual aromatic herb of the lamiacea family. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  anise seeds or seedlings. seed of herb plant of the apiaceae family. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  bay leaf seed or seedlings. cordia alliodora tree seed, botanic plant species with boraginaceae family. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  sage seed or seedlings. plant seed of the laminaceous family commonly named sage. "
"spice crop seeds and seedlings.  dill seed or seedlings. seeds of dill plants. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. . "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. tulip seeds or bulbs or seedlings or cuttings. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. rose seeds or seedlings or cuttings. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. daffodil seeds or bulbs or seedlings or cuttings. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. sunflower seeds. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. hyacinth bulbs or shoots. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. lily bulbs. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings. vetch seeds or seedlings. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  zinnia seed or seedlings. asteraceae family plant seeds. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  mutuy seed or seedling. tree seed with bright yellow flowers, of the leguminous family. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  marigold seed or seedlings. asteraceae family plant seed. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  kild aliso seed. seed known as kild aliso. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  ivy leaf geranium seeds or seedlings. seeds from the geraniaceae family plant. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  isabelita or dogbane seed or seedlings. apocynaceae family plant seeds. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  dogo or figwort seed or seedlings. scrophulariaceae family plant. origin is the mediterranean basin. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  chachacoma seed or seedlings. seed of a common species in the central and south highlands of peru.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  canola seed or seedlings. canola plant seed of the brassicaceae family, with bright yellow flowers. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  balsam or impatiens balsamina seed or seedlings. balsaminaceae family plant seeds. it is an annual frequently used in gardening.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  achira seed or seedlings. seed of perennial plant reaching 1.5 to 3 m high belonging to the cannaceae family.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  acerato seed or seedlings. compositae family plant seed. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  senorita enredadera seed or seedling. herbaceous plant of rapid growth. it is used in the decoration of facades, walls and roofs. it grows vertically. it belongs to the convolvulaceae family.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  aheli amarillo seed or cutting. cruciferae family plant seed. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  gaillardia seed or seedling. seed that belongs to the asteraceae family. they produce plants of abundant flowering, very prized by gardeners because of their colorful flowers.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  ciclamen seed, seedling or cutting. seed that belongs to the primulaceae family. it is an appreciated and attractive tuber plant. also called, among others, art\u00e1nita and pan de puerco.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  carnation seed or seedling. seed of herbaceous plant in the family caryophyllaceae, widespread in the mediterranean regions. its flowers are showy.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  petunia seeds, seedlings or cuttings . seed of the violets species and the violaceae family. its 5-petal flowers are flat. they offer a wide range of colors and combinations. it blooms in summer, autumn and spring. abundant flowering. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  pansy seeds or seedlings. seed of the violets species and the violaceae family. its 5-petal flowers are flat. they offer a wide range of colors and combinations. it blooms in summer, autumn and spring. abundant flowering.. "
"flower seeds and bulbs and seedlings and cuttings.  macraea seeds or cuttings. seed of a plant of the asteraceae family. it comes from south america and has a cosmopolitan distribution. also known as: the chipaca, masiqu\u00eda or cadillo, 1 bidens pilosa.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings. . "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings. fruit tree seeds or cuttings. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings. conifer tree seeds or cuttings. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings. nut tree seeds or cuttings. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  latifoliate tree seedling. a young tree that is grown in a nursery for cultivation of broad leaved trees.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  conifer tree seedling. a young tree that is grown in a nursery for cultivation of acicular trees, eg trees with the shape of leaves looking like needles.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  pine tree seeds or budwood. seed of the tree variety of the pinacea family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  carob tree seeds or budwood. seed of the variety of tree from the leguminous family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  coffee seed or seedlings. rubiaceae family bush seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  misa seed or seedlings. woody tree seeds, originally from south america and madagascar.  belongs to the lecythidaceae family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  royal poinciana seed or seedlings. tree seeds that reach a medium height of 8 to 12 m. it has orange red flowers and green foliage. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  ceticio tree seed or seedlings. a tree or bush of 1.5 meters high with yellow flowers, pubescent fruits.  scientific name is cytisus racemosa.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  ceibo seed or seedlings. leguminous family plant seed, seeds are kept in curved pods. carmine red flowers.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  willow tree seed or cutting. salicaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  tornillo tree seed or cutting. tree seed from the fabaceae - mimosoideae family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  huaranhuay tree seed or cutting. bignoniaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  teca tree seed or cutting. leafy tree seed of the verbenaceae family that reaches a height of 30 m. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  taya or tara tree seed or cutting. leguminosae family tree variety seed or caesalpinoideae. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  tahuari negro tree seed or cutting. bignoniaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  small poinciana tree seed or cutting. bush or small tree seed of 3 m high belonging to the caesalpiniaceae family. it produces red, yellow or orange flowers.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  shihuahuaco tree seed or cutting. fabaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  sangre de grado tree seed or cutting. tree seed of the euphorbiaceae family.  when cut, the bark secretes a reddish latex which is known as sangre de grado and has medicinal properties. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  retema tree seed or cutting. leguminosae family tree variety seed.  its bush is arched with hanging branches and small, narrow leaves.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  quishuar tree seed or cutting. seed of the tree species that belongs to the scrophulariaceae family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  quenua or quewina tree seed or cutting. rosaceae family tree or bush seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  qolle tree seed or cutting. buddlejaceae family tree or bush seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  podocarpus tree seed or cutting. podocarpaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  pashaco colorado tree seed or cutting. mimosoideae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  palo de rosa tree seed or cutting. apocynaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  ojo de paloma tree seed or cutting. seed known as ojo de paloma. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  molle tree seed or cutting. anacardiaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  miaporo tree seed or cutting. mioporo o ngaio-- myoporum iaetum-- tree seed, a scrophulariaceae family tree, native to new zealand.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  marupa tree seed or cutting. simaroubaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  mahogany tree seed or cutting. meliaceae family tree seed.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  jacaranda tree seed or cutting. bignoniaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  italia forage tree seed or seedlings. seed commonly known as italia forage. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  huaruro tree seed or cutting. ormosia coccinea tree seed, it is a botanical species of the leguminous family.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  huaranguillo or acacia horrida bush seed or cutting. seed for a bush and tree genus from the leguminous family --fabaceae and mimosoideae sub-family, although it is commonly known as a huaranguillo. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  huarango tree seed or cutting. long-lived tree seed from the leguminous order family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  huacapu tree seed or cutting. olacaceae family tree seed. it has medicinal properties.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  ronceana regia tree seed or cutting. seed known as ronceanea regia. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  glandular nakedwood tree seed or cutting. tree seed from the rhamnaceae family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  eucalyptus tree seed or cutting. myrtaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  cumala tree seed or cutting. myristicaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  coral tree seed or cutting. fabaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  colle tree seed or cutting. buddlejaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  cinamo tree seed or cutting. meliaceae, its fruits are poisonous. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  charan tree seed or cutting. fabaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  castor oil bush seed or cutting. tree seed that belongs to the euphorbiaceae family, ricinus communis. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  capirona tree seed or cutting. bush or tree seed from the rubiaceae family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  bolaina blanca tree seed or cutting. tree seed of the sterculiaceae family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  australian oak tree seed or cutting. proteaceae family tree seed. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  aromo bush seed or cutting. mimosaceae family bush seed, commonly known as aroma or huisache. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  aniba sp or nectandra sp or ocotea sp moena tree seed or cutting. tree seed whose common name is moena; it covers similar species that belong to the lauraceae family. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  cacao or cocoa tree seed. seed from the cacao tree.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  date palm cutting. cutting of date palm for planting. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  oil palm seed. the seed or kernel of the oil palm tree which is used to produce an edible vegetable oil. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  cassava seed or cutting. cassava seed or cutting, also known as manioc or cassava is a perennial shrub of the family euphorbiaceae, native and cultivated extensively in south america and the pacific for its starchy root of high nutritional value.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  rubber tree seed or cutting. seed or cutting of the rubber tree which is a tree of the family euphorbiaceae or hevea brasiliensis measuring 20-30 meters or more in height. rubber is manufactured from its latex which is white or yellow and abundant until 25 years of age of the tree.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  escalonia seed and cutting. seed that belongs to the escalloniaceae family. tree grows along riverbeds and is native to argentina, chile and peru. also known as tasta, tasata, ojotilla, nipa, qero.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  basul seed and cutting. seed that belongs to the erythrina genre. it is found in south america, known as chachafruto, sacha poroto, balsui, baloo or ca\u00f1aro.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  pisonay seed and cutting. seed that belongs to the fabaceae family. it has medicinal and ornamental uses. it is also known as sui yva, kapok bush, cu\u00f1uri.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  pucaquiro seed and cutting. seed that belongs to the rubiaceae family, native to the guyana-amazon and torrealba regions of south america. it is used as a colorant in the manufacture of bows and as a glue in the manufacture of musical instruments.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  estoraque seed and cutting. tree that belongs to the fabaceae family. it is a leguminous tree native to central and south america and is well known in the western world as a source of balsam of peru. the extracted wood resembles mahogany; its resin is yellow to dark brown and it is aromatic with a balsamic flavor. the fruit is fibrous with plenty of balsamic juice.. "
"tree and shrub seeds and cuttings.  cedrillo tree seed, seedling or cutting. seed that belongs to the meliaceae family. tree can grow to 12 meters, is distributed in the caribbean. common name: palo bitter, siguaraya or ramoncillo.. "
"residues other than animal feed. . "
"residues other than animal feed. residues babool seed extraction. "
"residues other than animal feed. residues of rape seeds. "
"residues other than animal feed. residue of linseed. "
"residues other than animal feed. oil cake of neem. "
"fibrous crop seeds and seedlings. . "
"fibrous crop seeds and seedlings. cotton seeds or seedlings. "
"fibrous crop seeds and seedlings. flax seeds or seedlings. "
"legume seeds and seedlings. seeds of plants in the family fabaceae (or leguminosae). includes beans, lentils, soybeans, and peanuts.. . "
"legume seeds and seedlings. seeds of plants in the family fabaceae (or leguminosae). includes beans, lentils, soybeans, and peanuts.. bean seeds or seedlings. "
"legume seeds and seedlings. seeds of plants in the family fabaceae (or leguminosae). includes beans, lentils, soybeans, and peanuts.. soya seeds or seedlings. "
"tuber seeds and seedlings. seeds or seedlings of plants that have a thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome serving as a food reserve. examples include potatoes, yams, sweet potato, and cassava.. . "
"tuber seeds and seedlings. seeds or seedlings of plants that have a thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome serving as a food reserve. examples include potatoes, yams, sweet potato, and cassava.. potato seeds or seedlings. "
"tuber seeds and seedlings. seeds or seedlings of plants that have a thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome serving as a food reserve. examples include potatoes, yams, sweet potato, and cassava.. turnip seeds or seedlings. "
"tuber seeds and seedlings. seeds or seedlings of plants that have a thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome serving as a food reserve. examples include potatoes, yams, sweet potato, and cassava.. sweet potato seeds or seedlings. "
"tuber seeds and seedlings. seeds or seedlings of plants that have a thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome serving as a food reserve. examples include potatoes, yams, sweet potato, and cassava.. carrot seeds or seedlings. "
"tuber seeds and seedlings. seeds or seedlings of plants that have a thickened underground part of a stem or rhizome serving as a food reserve. examples include potatoes, yams, sweet potato, and cassava.. radish seeds or seedlings. "
