"eggs and egg substitutes. . "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  prepared eggs. includes any product that has been prepared to a specific recipe where eggs are the main ingredient in combination with other ingredients such as protein, vegetables or sauce. these ingredients form a valuable part of the product, rather than just serve as a seasoning or flavouring. omelettes and souffles would be examples of prepared egg products.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from chickens. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the species gallus gallus. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from ducks. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the family anatidae excluding the tribe of anserini. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from emus. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the species dromaius novaehollandiae. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from geese. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the tribe anserini. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from guineafowls. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the family numididae. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from ostriches. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the species struthio camelus. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from quails. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the family of phasianidae excluding the subfamily phasianinae (pheasants). eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from rheas. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the genus rhea. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from squabs or pigeons. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the species columba livia. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from turkeys. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds of the genus meleagris. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell table egg from specialty birds. includes eggs in the shell that have been sorted to remove eggs of lower quality such as cracked and dirty eggs and are often sorted by size that have been laid by birds other than chicken, emus, geese, guinueafowl, ostriches, quail, rhea, squabs, or turkeys. eggs may be unwashed, washed, washed and oiled, aged, and/or pasteurized in the shell. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell nest run egg from chickens. includes chicken eggs in the shell that have not been sorted for quality.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell nest run egg from birds other than chickens. includes eggs from birds other than chicken that are in the shell and have not been sorted for quality.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell checked and dirty egg industrial from chickens. includes chicken eggs in the shell that have cracked shells and/or have dirt on the surface that makes the eggs unsuitable for use as a table egg. these eggs are typically those that were rejected during a quality sorting process. eggs may be unwashed, washed, or washed and oiled. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  in shell checked and dirty egg industrial from birds other than chickens. includes eggs in the shell from birds other than chikcen that have cracked shells and/or have dirt on the surface that makes the eggs unsuitable for use as a table egg. these eggs are typically those that were rejected during a quality sorting process. eggs may be unwashed, washed, or washed and oiled. excludes eggs that have been cooked.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  cooked egg from chickens. includes chicken eggs that have been fully cooked in the shell. eggs may be hard-cooked in the shell, hard-cooked with the shell removed, cooked and preserved in liquid, or sliced or diced after cooking.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  cooked egg from birds other than chickens. includes eggs that have been fully cooked in the shell from birds other than chicken. eggs may be hard-cooked in the shell, hard-cooked with the shell removed, cooked and preserved in liquid, or sliced or diced after cooking.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  egg products and substitutes from chickens. includes any homogenous dried, frozen, liquid, or further processed content of a chicken egg after removal from the shell and without other added food ingredients (meat, cheese, vegetables). excludes recipe-based egg-based products such as quiche mixes or mayonnaise.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  decharacterized egg products from chickens. includes any dried, frozen, or liquid content of a chicken egg after removal from the shell that has a substance added to distinguish the product as not fit for human consumption.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  egg products and substitutes from birds other than chickens. includes any homogenous dried, frozen, liquid, or further processed content of an egg after removal from the shell from birds other than chicken and to which other food ingredients (meat, cheese, vegetables) have not been added. excludes recipe-based egg-based products such as quiche mixes or mayonnaise.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  decharacterized egg products from birds other than chickens. includes any dried, frozen, or liquid content of an egg after removal from the shell from birds other than chicken to which a substance has been added to distinguish the product as not fit for human consumption.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  egg extract from chickens. includes fractions of a component of a chicken egg for use in the pharmaceutical, cosmetic or food industry. typical egg extracts are substances such as lysozyme, avidin, vitamins and lipids.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  egg extract from birds other than chickens. includes fractions of a component of an egg from a bird other than chicken for use in the pharmaceutical, cosmetic or food industry. typical egg extracts are substances such as lysozyme, avidin, vitamins and lipids.. "
"eggs and egg substitutes.  egg imitation. includes any product that functionally and nutritionally resembles a liquid whole egg, egg yolk, or egg whites but does not contain any egg component.. "
"milk and butter products. . "
"milk and butter products. fresh milk or butter products. "
"milk and butter products. shelf stable milk or butter products. "
"milk and butter products. frozen milk and butter products. "
"milk and butter products.  powdered milk. a type of dried milk solid made from liquid milk via dehydration, which is also called dried milk. it can be stored much longer than liquid milk and is nonperishable and easy to transport. there are four kinds of the powdered milk: whole milk powder, powdered skim milk, sweetened milk powder and modified milk powder.. "
"milk and butter products.  whey. water remained after filtering and solidifying milk when producing cheese.. "
"milk and butter products.  lactose. a type of food that separates the carbohydrate ingredient and makes the powder from the skim milk or whey as the disaccharide included in milk.. "
"milk and butter products.  cream, fresh. milk product produced from the butterfat layer of milk. "
"cheese. . "
"cheese. natural cheese. "
"cheese. processed cheese. "
"cheese. imitation cheese. "
