"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. . "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. computer servers. a computer which provides some service for other computers connected to it via a network. the most common example is a file server which has a local disk and services requests from remote clients to read and write files on that disk,often using network file system (nfs) protocol or netware on pcs.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. high end computer servers. a computer designed for the higher performance and scalability spectrum of available platforms in that period of time.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. notebook computers. a notebook computer is a battery- or ac-powered personal computer generally smaller than a briefcase that can easily be transported and conveniently used in temporary spaces such as on airplanes, in libraries, temporary offices, and at meetings. a notebook computer, sometimes called a laptop computer, typically weighs less than 5 pounds and is 3 inches or less in thickness.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. personal digital assistant pdas or organizers. personal digital assistant (pda) is a term for any small mobile hand-held device that provides computing and information storage and retrieval capabilities for personal or business use, often for keeping schedule calendars and address book information handy. input is through a combination of pen and character recognition software.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. point of sale pos terminal. a point-of-sale (pos) terminal is a computerized replacement for a cash register. much more complex than the cash registers, the pos system can include the ability to record and track customer orders, process credit and debit cards, connect to other systems in a network, and manage inventory. generally, a pos terminal has as its core a personal computer, which is provided with application-specific programs and i/o devices for the particular environment in which it will serve. a pos system for a restaurant, for example, is likely to have all menu items stored in a database. pos terminals are used in most industries that have a point of sale such as a service desk, including restaurants, lodging, entertainment, and museums. pos terminals are also web-enabled, which makes remote training and operation possible, as well as inventory tracking across geographically-dispersed locations.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. thin client computers. a thin client is a network computer without a hard disk drive, whereas a typical pc computer includes a disk drive. in client/server applications, a client designed to be especially small so that the bulk of the data processing occurs on the server. although the term thin client usually refers to software, it is increasingly used for computers, such as network computers and net pcs, that are designed to serve as the clients for client/server architectures. thin client is a low-cost, centrally-managed computer devoid of cd-rom players, diskette drives, and expansion slots.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. desktop computers. a type of computer workstation intended for individual use that is faster and more capable than a personal computer. it is intended for business or professional use rather than home or recreational use. workstations and applications designed for them are used by small engineering companies, architects, graphic designers, and any organization, department, or individual that requires a faster microprocessor, a large amount of random access memory (ram), and special features such as high-speed graphics adapter. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. personal computers. a small, relatively inexpensive general purpose computer designed for an individual user. personal computers are all are based on microprocessor technology that enables manufacturers to put an entire cpu on one chip. businesses use personal computers for word processing, accounting, desktop publishing, and for running spreadsheet and database management applications. they are frequently attatched to corporate networks. at home, the most popular uses for personal computers are for accessing the internet and for playing games.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. tablet computers. a computer in the form of a tablet designed to mimic the use of a traditional clip board. larger and more powerful than a pda, input is predominantly by the use of a stylus, finger touch or voice recognition. tablet computers usually run a specialised tablet computer operating system and frequently have integrated wireless connectivity features, which enable them to communicate with corporate networks as the user moves through the building. they may or may not have an integral keyboard.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. mainframe console or dumb terminals. standard ascii or other protocal computer input/output device with a monitor, keyboard and communications capability to a computer system.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. wearable computing devices. a wearable computer is a computer that is subsumed into the personal space of the user, controlled by the user, and has both operational and interactional constancy, i.e. is always on and always accessible. most notably, it is a device that is always with the user, and into which the user can always enter commands and execute a set of such entered commands, and in which the user can do so while walking around or doing other activities (mike k). "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. mainframe computers. accessories to enhance the usability of computers.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. ultra mobile personal computer. a hybrid device that is a cross between a pda and tablet computer. what makes the ultra mobile pc (umpc) unique is that it relies on a full operating system like windows or linux instead of standard pda operating systems like palm and pocket pc. the umpc can be considered an additional tool for mobile computing instead of a pda replacement. it was developed as a joint development exercise between microsoft, intel, and samsung, among others.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. computer kiosk. a structure that houses a computer terminal providing customized retail services.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. computer workstation. a a high-end microcomputer designed for technical or scientific applications.it has sufficient ram, storage capacity and processing speed to facilitate computation intensive design and technical analysis.they are optimized for the visualization and manipulation of different types of complex data such as 3d mechanical design, engineering simulation, animation and rendering of images, and mathematical plots. consoles consist of a high resolution display, a keyboard and a mouse at a minimum, but also offer multiple displays, graphics tablets, 3d mice, etc.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. minicomputer. a computer that is smaller than medium-sized computer but larger than personal computer under the classification following the size and capability. the uses are found broadly in graphic, office processing, e-publishing and others.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. analog computer. a computer which does arithmetic operation by accepting the physical quantity (analog) that is changed on time.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. multi screen computer. a computer that has a main body with several monitors in a single system to simultaneously operate different application programs.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. electronic reader or e-reader. an e-reader or electronic reader is a device which is optimized for reading content, such as e-books, newspapers and documents. a standalone e-reader typically has wireless connectivity for downloading content and conducting other web-based tasks.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. barebone computer. a barebone computer is a partially built or unassembled computer containing basic components only with additional customer required components assumed to be added later. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. all in one desktop computer. a type of desktop computer that integrates the systems internal components into the same case as the display, eliminating some connecting cables and allowing for a smaller footprint.. "
"computers. a computer is a device that accepts information (in the form of digital data) and manipulates it for some result based on a program or sequence of instructions on how data is to be processed. complex computers also include the means for storing data (including the program, which is also a form of data) for some necessary duration. a program may be invariable and built into the computer (and called logic circuitry as it is on microprocessors) or different programs may be provided to the computer (loaded into its storage and then started by an administrator or user). todays computers have both kinds of programming.. computer blade server. a blade server is a stripped-down server computer with a modular design optimized to minimize the use of physical space and energy. blade servers have many components removed to save space, minimize power consumption and other considerations, while still having all the functional components to be considered a computer.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. . "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. computer switch boxes. a docking station is a hardware frame and set of electrical connection interfaces that enable a notebook computer to effectively serve as a desktop computer. allows the notebook to communicate with a local printer, storage or backup drives, network interface and has an expansion base for floppy and cd-rom or dvd drives.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. docking stations. a port replicator is similar to a docking station but does not include expansion slots. a port replicator is an attachment for a notebook computer that allows a printer, monitor, and keyboard to be simultaneously connected. the port replicator duplicates all of the notebooks ports,and may provide specific ports for joysticks and midi devices.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. port replicators. devices that enable one or more computer accessories, like printers to connect together and be switched on and off. other examples are keyboard video mouse (kvm) switch boxes, console switches, manual data switches and automatic data switches. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. peripheral switch boxes. an integrated circuit designed for high-speed data manipulations and used in audio, communications, image manipulation, and other data-acquisition and data-control applications.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. signal processor upgrades. a package of hardware and software that adds multimedia capabilities to a computer. typically a multimedia kit includes a cd-rom or dvd player, a sound card, speakers, and a bundle of cd-roms.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. multimedia kits. computer speakers are multimedia speakers which are used to play sound recorded in digital format.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. computer speakers. a device and program that translates encoded data into its original format. reads encoded mpeg, wav files and data from live, playback, or still video or audio.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. encoder decoder equipment. a device and program that translates encoded data into its original format. reads encoded mpeg, wav files and data from live, playback, or still video or audio.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. universal serial bus hubs or connectors. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. computer country or localization kits. accessories used for localization purposes. these kits generally would consist of following parts: localized manuals and/or localized keyboards and/or country specific power cords etc. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. handheld pda starter kits. accessory starter kits for hand held personal computers usually include items such as covers, connection cables, spare stylii and screen protectors.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. computer accessory kits. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. computer or notebook stands. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. bluetooth universal serial bus usb adapter. an informatic device to synchronize data between compatible hardware with bluetooth technology, used above all with pda, mobiles, pc or others.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. notebook computer expansion dock. an add-on for notebook computers to deliver high-performance capabilities for multimedia applications, it increases the number of ports of the notebook computer to those of a normal computer (usb ports, printer or video ports etc). "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. personal digital assistant pda holder. a holder to attach a pda usually in the car but it could be used in an office too, enabling comfortable screen access.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. universal serial bus usb extension cable. a device to lengthen the extension of the usb connector cable.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. universal serial bus general packet radio service usb gprs modem. a specialized modem that uses a terminal-like interface usb 2.0 and later to drive a packet oriented mobile data service available to users of the 2g cellular communication systems global system for mobile communications (gsm), as well as in the 3g systems.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. notebook computer carrying case. various padded or unpadded containers of various materials and configurations used to transport or store notebook computers. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. tablet computer cover. material or item used to protect tablet computers.. "
"computer accessories. devices that enable a computer user to hook up more than one device of a single type and switch it when needed.. tablet protective film or screen protector. a protective film or screen protector is an additional sheet of material\u2014commonly polyurethane or glass\u2014that can be attached to the screen of an electronic device and protect it against physical damage.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. . "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. bar code reader equipment. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs from bar codes. bar code equipment consists of a barcode reader,code interpreter which can be a hardware or software,barcode printer and verifiers .bar code equipment are used for identifying commercial products or parts.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. magnetic stripe readers and encoders. magnetic card readers are designed to read the magnetic stripe data on credit cards, debit cards, drivers licenses, and i.d. cards with just a swipe and send the data to a pc. they require no software for their operation.the data sent to the pc will be the input for processing by a software which outputs the results.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. currency recognition equipment. currency verifiers are used to detect counterfeit bills, while tracking each bill. optical scanning recognition, magnetic ink detection, and ultra-violet reading are among the most common methods for verifying the authenticity of currency, bank checks, travelers checks, credit cards, and other items of value.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. game pads or joy sticks. a device consisting of a hand held stick that pivots about one end and transmits its angle in two dimensions to a computer. joysticks are often used to control games, and usually have one or more push-buttons whose state can also be read by the computer. most i/o interface cards for ibm pcs have a joystick (game control) port.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. keyboards. the keyboard is a primary text input device typically with the same key arrangement as the typewriter . the keyboards may contain standard function keys, customizable keys or special key arrangements for ergo-dynamic consideration or for ease of use for learning such as the dvorak system.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. light stylus. a light stylus for computers is an input device used to write text or draw lines on a surface using light. used for graphics applications, such as cad/cam, where the stylus is attached to an electronically-sensitive tablet.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. computer mouse or trackballs. a mouse or trackball consists of a metal or plastic housing or casing, a ball that sticks out of the bottom or top of the casing and ,when rolled, a sensor sends impulses to the computer that causes a mouse-responsive program to reposition a visible indicator or cursor on the display screen. one or more buttons is used to select actions. this tracking device can be cabled or send infared signals to the computer.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. pressure stylus. a stylus, aka pen is an input device used to write text or draw lines by applying pressure to the input surface such as a tablet or digital display screen for a computer.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. radio frequency identification devices. rfid (radio frequency identification) is a technology that incorporates the use of electromagnetic or electrostatic coupling in the radio frequency (rf) portion of the electromagnetic spectrum to uniquely identify an object, animal, or person. an rfid system consists of three components: an antenna and transceiver (often combined into one reader) and a transponder (the tag). rfid is sometimes called dedicated short range communication (dsrc).. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. scanners. a scanner captures images of photographic prints, bar codes, posters, magazine pages, and similar sources for computer editing and display. scanners come in hand-held, feed-in, and flatbed types and for scanning black-and-white only or color. optical character recognition software allows scanned printed documents to be converted to electronic text without having to type them in at a keyboard.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. graphics tablets. graphics tablets, also known as digitizers, are devices which are used to convert data in analog format into digital format.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. touch pads. a stationary pointing device used mainly on laptop computers. touchpads provide a small, flat surface that you slide your finger over as an alternative to the mouse and works by sensing the users finger movement and downward pressure. they were developed to provide a more natural or intuitive connection for the user than the mouse.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. biometric identification equipment. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs that enable it to validate a user using visual frequencies.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. portable data input terminals. portable data terminals are small, lightweight data terminals designed for flexible, single-hand operation and built for unmatched durability. these terminals are ideal for a wide range of data tracking applications.these terminals can have the features like small, lightweight contoured form factor which rests easily in the users hand, configurable layout with multiple keyboards and display choices, high performance scan module with 180 degree rotation for aiming front, left or right, decodes standard range of 1d bar codes, rechargeable battery option provides longer life for full-shift capabilities.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. optical character recognition systems. these optical character recognition systems are utilized to convert text from hard copy documents into electronic output.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. camera based vision systems for automated data collection. camera based vision systems for automated data collection is a collection of hardware and software used for automated data capturing.the components which go into the systems are optical or laser scanners for scanning the objects, software and computers for recognition and storing the data.they find application in in retail, commercial, manufacturing, transportation and logistics, and postal and parcel delivery industries and specialised fields like semi-conductor and fiber optic manufacture industries.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. voice microphones for computers. a device for converting sound waves into commands to operate the computers.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. point of sale payment terminal. these are kits containing swiping machines, carbon transfers, printers, etc., for credit and debit card processing at the point of sale (pos). they are often distributed by banks to retailers.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. punch card reader. punch card readers are mechanical devices which are used to read punched cards and execute the instructions on the punched cards.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. business card scanner. a device that automatically places contact information (both sides of a card) into the correct fields of an electronic address book. these scanners are portable and robust.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. electronic voting or vote-counting equipment. the equipment which electronically conducts voting card/e-data processing in the course of voting and vote-counting related works (e.g.) storage, analysis, transmission, print, etc.). "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. computer peripheral kit. a collection of computer peripherals sold together. commonly includes a mouse and keyboard but may include other combinations.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. compact disc or digital versatile disc cd/dvd cleaner. wipes or equivalent cleaning products specifically designed for cleaning and maintaining cds and dvds. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. digital pen. electronic device that enables capture of handwritten notes and drawings and synchronization with pcs or notebook computers for storage.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. magnetic ink character recognition micr device. a device used as a common document language by the commercial banking industry for interbank exchange of monetary data.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. smart card dummy terminal. a terminal which is capable of self-processing and displaying input/output information with a built-in microprocessor and ram.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. optical mark reader. a device which can optically read scripts written by a pencil or a pen on a certain object including a card.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. data acquisition system. an instrumentation system that may make analysis and control on computer for the data acquired from measuring instrument and the signal from sensor.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. image analyzer. a comprehensive image analysis system that formulates the result by making quantitative analysis in input image and the structured image database with several experiment results in advance on software.. "
"computer data input devices. devices that enable a computer to access data inputs or feed signals from outside sources.. digital film reader. a device that scans the micro film and others taken with the optical camera and reads the screen image thereof.. "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. . "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. computer data input device covers. covers that protect the computer or peripherals from environmental or user damage.. "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. mouse pads. a mousepad is a small, portable surface that provides traction to allow a computer mouse ball to roll rather than glide and are typically made with a plastic or cloth surface and a thin rubber or plastic cushion.. "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. key board skins. key board skins are transparent ,flexible, spillproof, waterproof and dustproof covers for key boards.. "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. keyboard drawers or shelves. this commodity allows the storage of the keyboard under the desk. "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. service kits for storage devices. this service kit includes repalcement parts of a storage device and may even contain necessary associated tools in the same package.. "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. keyboard wrist rest. a device that is placed adjacent to the keyboard to support the wrists enabling less stressful typing.. "
"computer data input device accessories. accessories to computer input devices that enable them to be used in more effective ways.. mouse wrist rest. an article that is placed under the wrist when using a computer mouse to avoid pain due to prolonged use.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. . "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. cathode ray tube crt monitors. a cathode-ray tube and associated electronics connected to a computers video output. a monitor may be either monochrome (black and white) or colour (rgb). colour monitors may show either digital colour (each of the red,green and blue signals may be either on or off, giving eight possible colours: black, white, red, green, blue, cyan,magenta and yellow) or analog colour (red, green and blue signals are continuously variable following any combination to be displayed). digital monitors are sometimes known as ttl because the voltages on the red, green and blue inputs are compatible with ttl logic chips.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. liquid crystal display lcd panels or monitors. flat panel diaplays are liquid crystal display monitors.they use liquid displays instead of cathod ray guns.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. touch screen monitors. a touch screen can be crt or lcd and is a computer display screen that is sensitive to human touch, allowing a user to interact with the computer by touching pictures or words on the screen. touch screens are used with information kiosks, computer-based training devices, and systems designed to help individuals who have difficulty manipulating a mouse or keyboard. touch screen technology can also be used as an alternative user interface with applications that normally require a mouse, such as a web browser. often this uses beams of infrared light that are projected across the screen surface. interrupting the beams generates an electronic signal identifying the location of the screen.software interprets the signal and performs the required operation.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. plasma display panels pdp. a plasma display panel ( pdp ) is essentially a matrix of tiny fluorescent tubes. pdp s are relatively light weight and can be manufactured at a thickness of 3-4 inches. they also feature wide viewing angles and no susceptibility to magnetic fields. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. organic light emitting displays. an organic light emitting displau (oled) is an electronic device made by placing a series of organic thin films between two conductors. when electrical current is applied, a bright light is emitted.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. character displays. displays that can present only alpha numerical symbols. generally, character displays are used in pos (point of sale) products. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. head mounted displays. head-mounted displays are used with virtual reality systems. an hmd can be a pair of goggles or a full helmet. in front of each eye is a tiny monitor. because there are two monitors, images appear as three-dimensional. in addition, most hmds include a head tracker so that the system can respond to head movements. for example, if you move your head left, the images in the monitors will change to make it seem as if youre actually looking at a different part of the virtual reality.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. vacuum fluorescent display. a display device that emits a clear, high contrast image.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. poly light emitting diode led display. emissive video image displays. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. display tilt mechanism. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. touchscreen glass. significant business use. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. touchscreen film. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. lcd active display. active matrix display uses a grid of transistors and capacitors for improved image quality. passive matrix depends on a non dynamic conductive grid to supply current, resulting in a lesser level of image quality.. "
"computer displays. a display is a computer output surface or a screen and a projecting mechanism that shows text and graphic images. in some computers, the display is packaged in a separate unit called a monitor. in notebook computers, the display is integrated into a unit. also called video display terminals vdts, a display uses a cathode ray tube (crt), liquid crystal display (lcd), light-emitting diode, gas plasma, or other image projection technology.. lcd passive display. active matrix display uses a grid of transistors and capacitors for improved image quality. passive matrix depends on a non dynamic conductive grid to supply current, resulting in a lesser level of image quality.. "
"computer display accessories. monitor accessories are supplimentory products to the monitors. they include monitor stands w/wo drawers,monitor arms, monitor clips and various other accessories.. . "
"computer display accessories. monitor accessories are supplimentory products to the monitors. they include monitor stands w/wo drawers,monitor arms, monitor clips and various other accessories.. computer display glare screens. a filter that reduces the amount of harmful glare for a computer.. "
"computer display accessories. monitor accessories are supplimentory products to the monitors. they include monitor stands w/wo drawers,monitor arms, monitor clips and various other accessories.. monitor arms or stands. this is an a arm you can mount on a wall or put it on your desk. it is used to put your monitor on and move it. "
"computer display accessories. monitor accessories are supplimentory products to the monitors. they include monitor stands w/wo drawers,monitor arms, monitor clips and various other accessories.. monitor components. internal parts and pieces of monitors that are commercialized independently and used as spare parts for its repair.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. . "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. band printers. band printers use an engraved band to print characters on to a sheet of paper.they can be used to print characters and not graphics.they are high speed printers which are mainly used for large greenbar reports, multi-part forms and printing labels.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. dot matrix printers. a kind of printer with a vertical column of up to 48 small closely packed needles or pins each of which can be individually forced forwards to press an ink ribbon against the paper. the print head is repeatedly scanned across the page and different combinations of needles activated at each point.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. dye sublimination printers. dye-sub printers uses heat to melt wax away from a specially coated print ribbon similar to wax thermal printers, except that the heating array in the dye sublimation printer is much more precise and can heat the dyes in the transfer ribbon to one of 256 levels. page-sized panels (8 1/2 x 11) on the ribbon consist of cyan, magenta and yellow dye. a thermal print head, consisting of thousands of heating elements, capable of precise temperature variations, moves across the transfer ribbon. heat from the heating elements cause the color on the ribbon to vaporize and diffuse onto the surface of the specially coated paper. precise temperature variations are responsible for the varying densities of color. the hotter the heating element, the more dye is vaporized and diffused onto the papers surface. dye sublimation printers are often identified with the ability to print continuous tone images. although image quality is an advantage of dye sub printers, they are not as adept at rendering fine such lines as fonts. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. inkjet printers. a class of printer in which small ink droplets are sprayed electrostatically from a nozzle onto the paper. ink-jet printers produce high-quality text and graphics.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. laser printers. uses the same technology as copy machines. a non-impact high-resolution printer which uses a rotating disk to reflect laser beams to forms an electrostatic image on an imaging [developer] drum. this attracts electrically charged toner (dry ink powder,generally a plastic heat-sensitive polymer) which is then transferred onto the paper and fused into it by heat. laser printers produce very high quality text and graphics.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. line matrix printers. contains a chain of characters or pins that print an entire line at one time. line printers, also called daisy wheel printers, are used to print data line by line.they are faster than dotmatrix printers but produce low-quality print and can not print graphics.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. plotter printers. a plotter is a printer that interprets commands from a computer to make line drawings on paper. unlike a regular printer, the plotter can draw continuous point-to-point lines directly from vector graphics files or commands. it uses one or more pens that can be raised, lowered and moved over the printing media to draw graphics or text.the heart of the plotter is the printer head assembly,consisting of a horizontal bar and, attached to it, the head assembly holding the pen in use. the pen can be positioned horizontally by moving the pen assembly along the bar.vertical positioning is achieved by either moving the bar(stationary page plotter) or the paper (rolling page plotter).combinations of horizontal and vertical movement are used to draw arbitrary lines and curves in a single action, in contrast to printers which usually scan horizontally across the page.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. thermal tape printers. an inexpensive printer that works by pushing heated pins against heat-sensitive paper. thermal printers are widely used in calculators and fax machines.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. bag tag printer. specialized printer used by airlines, etc. to print tags for tracking and distribution on aircraft and ground handling units.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. multi function printers. a device that combines the facilities of a printer with one or more of the following: scanner, or fax, or photocopier. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. airline ticket or boarding pass atb printers. specialized printer used to print airline tickets and boarding passes. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. point of sale pos receipt printers. the commodity shall be used as printer at point of sale in restaurants, retail shops for printing high quality receipts. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. compact disc cd or labeling printers. the commodity is used to print text, color graphics and photos on printable surface areas of cd/cd-r/dvd/dvd-r. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. digital image printers. this is a type of printer which prints digital images without the use of computers.this printer unit has slot where the storage disks can be inserted and the prints can be taken.it incorporates a number of enhancements for improved digital creation, speed, performance and image quality. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. bar code printer. a computer peripheral for printing barcode labels or tags that can be attached to physical objects.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. radio frequency identification rfid tag printer. a tag printer in which data are encoded in the rfid chip and the information is printed in a rolled rfid tag.. "
"computer printers. in computers, a printer is a device that accepts text and graphic output from a computer and transfers the information to paper, usually to standard size sheets of paper. printers are sometimes sold with computers, but more frequently are purchased separately. printers vary in size, speed, sophistication, and cost. in general, more expensive printers are used for higher-resolution color printing.. printer controller. a type of device that undertakes the role to control input/output and motion of the printer by assisting the central processing unit as located in between the computer and the printer.. "
"computer data storage management systems. combined hardware and software systems designed to manage data storage processes and devices on an integrated basis. . "
"computer data storage management systems. combined hardware and software systems designed to manage data storage processes and devices on an integrated basis. storage virtualization system. a scalable enterprise storage system based upon a grid array of hardware and software components.. "
