"water treatment and supply equipment. . "
"water treatment and supply equipment. activated carbon equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. ammonia removal equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. carbon filtration equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. bacterial removal equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. chlorine handling equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. corrosion control equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. grit chambers. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. desalination equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. fluoridation equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. iron removal equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. ion exchange equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. mixers or agitators. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. oxygen generators. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. water purification equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. turbidimeters. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. ultraviolet disinfection equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. water conditioners. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. water softening accessories. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. ultrafiltration equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. packaged water treatment systems. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. collection tanks. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge or sewage composting equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. dewatering equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge pelletizers. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge shredders. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. water treatment dryers. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. incinerators. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. odor control equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. septic tanks. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. settling tanks. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. lift stations. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sewage distributors. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge disposal equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge collectors. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge conditioning equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge or sewage digesters. "
"water treatment and supply equipment. sludge or sewage removal equipment. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  chemical feeder. the equipment used to feed a proper amount of chemicals such as coagulant and coagulant aids according to water quality or water flow in treatment of water supply and industrial water.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  ozone water treatment equipment. the equipment used to treat and remove impurities from wastewater by using oxidation of ozone.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  air flotation equipment. a water treatment device or equipment used to purify waste water by releasing tiny bubbles at suspended matters to float to the surface of the water.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  surface aerator. a device used to provide air to aerated basins. electrically powered rotors are submerged in the water to provide air to the water by stirring the water surface with rotation power.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  air diffuser for sewage treatment. a device used to provide air to the water needed for sewage treatment process.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  rotating biological contactor rbc. a device that disintegrates and processes the impure substances in waste water by delivering the oxygen in the air when it is exposed to the atmosphere and consuming the organic material by the inorganic materials when the circular plate is rotated to wet the reaction vessel.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  grit removal system. a type of device that gathers the sand and soil piled up on the grit chamber and releases to outside.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  surface washing device. a type of device that gushes out the high pressure water on the surface of the filter sand in the water treatment facilities for removing the foreign substance precipitated on the surface of filter paper.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  filter control console. a type of device that precisely finds out the functional condition of the filter paper and automatically controls.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  gravity filter. a type of equipment that is designed for fast filtering of the discharged water by the gravity not filtered on the filter paper opened.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  compression filter. a type of equipment that is to filter the discharged water by penetrating the filter water by applying the water pressure by closing the filtering device.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  up flow filter. a filtering device that has the natural water flowing into the lower part of the tank and filtered to upper direction, and when filtered, the foreign substance arrested is lifted up by the air to release outside. at this time, the filter sand placed upwardly together with the impure substance is washed off and it is dropped to the filter layer again by washing and its own weight.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  moving bed filter. a device that scratches out the sand filtered surface attached with the suspended solid in the waste water and it is supplied to the lower part of the filtering layer continuously after washing, or new sand is sent to the filter layer in proportion from the top. there is a method to take out the polluted sand that includes the floating substance to downside while sending new sand from the top.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  fiber filter. a device that uses the handle-shape textile as the filter media to arrest the pollutant substance to the air gap of the textile tissue to make the filtered water clearly purified and the arrested pollutant substance is released to the outside when washing reversely.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  jar tester. a type of device that is designed to test the cohesive force and others in the sample when injecting the test chemicals to the waste water at the time of disposing the waste water.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  baffle wall. a structure that maintains the balance of flow speed and protects the floc generated from the cohesive area for the improvement of the adjustment of natural water volume and the sedimentation efficiency during the water purification process.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  water trough. a type of channel-type water holder that releases the upper water with the sedimentation of suspended solid from the settling pond or releases the washing water with the backwashing of filter layer from the filter paper.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  inclined plate settler. a facility that is designed to have high sedimentation effect in short period of time by shortening the sedimentation distance in the pond of sludge by installing several sloped plate.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  foam breaker. a device that sprays and ejects water with a nozzle that is installed at a certain distance from the water surface to remove the foam.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  scum removal equipment. a type of device that prevents the mixture to the discharged water by removing the scum on the water surface arising from settling pond, digester or others.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  filter underdrain equipment. a structure that improves the equal filtering and backward flow functions in the rapid filtration.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  adulteration treatment equipment. a type of device that is released and removed by moving and dehydrating with the screw press after filtering and separating from the rotary drum screen for the adulteration that is included in the night soil, sewer water, waste water on livestock and others.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  drum screen. a facility that is made to have the pollutant water with solid matter to flow in to the drum-type rotating screen inside that has the water passes the screen to purify while the solid matter are filtered through the screen to be discharged.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  wastewater coalescer. a type of device that separates in accordance with the specific gravity difference by assembling of finite oil particle blended in the emulsion condition in the waste water by consecutively condensed to submerge or emerge.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  waste crusher. a type of device that crushes the ones that could be crushed with the blade crusher, such as styrofoam, wooden material, and others, from the waste product arising from the waste substance with the size fit for the processing use.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  waste gas burner. a device that uses the methane gas generated from the process of water purification and waste water disposition to use for fuel in boiler and others, and this device completely combusts the surplus gas after the fuel use.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  multiple media filter. a filter that is blended two or more of filter medias like the filter sand, anthracite, zeolite, active carbon, or sand for use.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  electrodialysis machine. a device that separates the substance in waste water by electrically moving through the ion exchange membrane.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  swimming pool cleaning unit. an integrated facility that is composed with a series of equipments used for re-supply with clean water by processing for filtering, sterilization, acidity control and others.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  wastewater plane screen. a facility that prevents the inflow or outflow of miscellaneous floating materials by installing on the entry part of the intake or grit chamber, the outflow part of the drainage pump facilities.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  oxidation ditch. a bio-chemical reactor that disassembles the polluted substance by supplying the oxygen with the mechanical aerator to the elliptical reaction vessel.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  chlorine gas neutralization unit. a device that neutralizes the chlorine gas by operating the ventilator that absorbs the gas and the circulating pump that sprays the neutral liquid simultaneously with the warning of gas leakage when leaking the chlorine gas.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  disc screen. a type of device that releases the sold matter to be screened while the flowing water passes to the rotating and empty disc-type of screen to purify.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  flocculator. a facility that makes the slow agitation to make the sedimentation easier by growing the finite floc into the larger floc.. "
"water treatment and supply equipment.  sequencing batch reactor. a device that processes the polluted substance by implementing repeatedly for the processing like the inflow and reaction within a batch reactor, release of sludge and supernatant and sedimentation of mixed liquid.. "
"water treatment consumables. . "
"water treatment consumables. algaecides. "
"water treatment consumables. antiscalants. "
"water treatment consumables. descalers. "
"water treatment consumables. boiler feed chemicals. "
"water treatment consumables. bacterial removal chemicals. "
"water treatment consumables. corrosion control chemicals. "
"water treatment consumables. odor control chemicals. "
"water treatment consumables. flocculents. "
"water treatment consumables. microbiocides. "
"water treatment consumables. water softening compounds. "
"water treatment consumables. demulsifiers. "
"water treatment consumables. polyelectrolytes. "
"water treatment consumables. buffer solutions. "
"water treatment consumables.  sludge bulking agent. a chemical agent or diluting agent that is designed to adjust the sludge swelling by oxidizing agent processing, cohesive agent processing, adjustment of slurry return rate, biologic selector operation, biologic treating agent injection and others.. "
"water treatment consumables.  water fluoridation chemical. a chemical product injected from the water purification facility in order to adjust for appropriate concentration of fluorine ion of tap water.. "
"water treatment consumables.  sludge reducing agent. a substance added to reduce the amount of sludge generated by controlling the microbial metabolism in biological treatment processes such as sewage and wastewater. "
