"sap. . "
"sap. rosin. "
"sap. lac. "
"wood. . "
"wood. logs. "
"wood. soft timber. "
"wood. rattan. "
"wood. cork. "
"wood. wood pulp. "
"wood. bamboo. "
"wood. hardwoods. "
"wood. wood pith. "
"wood.  teak wood. teak (tectona), is a genus of tropical hardwood trees in the family verbenaceae, native to the south and southeast of asia, and is commonly found as a component of monsoon forest. "
"wood.  poplar wood. populus is a genus of trees which includes the cottonwoods, poplars, and aspens, all of which are sometimes termed poplars (in some areas \"popple\").. "
"wood.  pine wood. pine wood is commercially among the most important of species used for timber in temperate and tropical regions of the world. "
"wood.  oak wood. the term oak can be used as part of the common name of any of several hundred species of trees and shrubs in the genus quercus (from latin \"oak tree\"), and some related genera, notably cyclobalanopsis and lithocarpus. oaks are hardwood trees. oak wood has a density of about 0.75 g/cm\u00b3, great strength and hardness, and is very resistant to insect and fungal attack because of its high tannin content. "
"wood.  maple wood. trees or shrubs in the genus acer are commonly called maples. they are variously classified in a family of their own, the aceraceae, or (together with the hippocastanaceae) included in the family sapindaceae. "
"wood.  cherry wood. cherry can be described as a moderately hard and heavy wood; it is strong and stiff making it an ideal choice for wood flooring. "
"wood.  tornillo wood. type of wood found in the peruvian jungle of medium density.. "
"wood.  pashaco wood. a type of wood that has a low basic density and has a very pale brown color. it has good reaction to artificial drying without relevant risks as slight deformations. the pashaco is an easy sawing wood and of good workability. however, it is prone to biologic attack and proper preservation treatment should be applied. the wood is used in indoor carpentry, drawers, doors, furniture, toys, scale models; it is suitable for making paper pulp.. "
"wood.  catahua wood. a type of light wood used to make panels, indoor lining, particle panel, laminated, veneer and plywood, formwork, drawers.  scientific name is hura crepitans l.  common names include catahua amarilla, habilla, assacu, catahua.. "
"wood.  capirona wood. a wood derived from the capirona tree belonging to the rubiaceae family. it grows in lands with high organic content of the high and low jungle. the wood of this tree can be used in floors, parquet, moldings, pegs, navy construction, beams, bodywork, turnery, sport articles, tennis and ping pong rackets, tool handles.. "
"wood.  copaiba wood. a type of wood derived from the copaiba tree that belongs to the fabaceae family. commonly known as copaiba, aceite de palo, arbol del aceite, copai or copaibi. it is a heavy, medium fine wood, easy to saw and good workability for carving. it is used in carpentry, flooring, indoor linings, parquet, plywood, floorboards, box preparation, moldings, formworks and laminations. in its preserved form it may be used in props or posts for fencing. it is ideal for particle panels and wood-cement panels.. "
"wood.  eucalyptus wood. a type of wood derived from the eucalyptus tree genus from the myrtaceae family. there are over 700 species, most of them from australia. currently, they are distributed in most part of the world and due to its rapid growth, they are frequently used in forest planting for paper in addition ot its ornamental value. it is used both in outdoor and indoor carpentry for doors, laminated profiles for windows, kitchen furniture, plywood panels and tongued and grooved flooring.. "
"wood.  utucuro wood. a type of wood derived from the utucuro tree which belongs to the family malvaceae. the wood is used in joinery, lightweight structures, moldings. "
"wood.  ceiba wood. the ceiba is a flowering tree comprised of 48 species belonging to the family malvaceae. the new classifications include chorisia species within this genus. it is native to central america. the wood is widely used, mainly in industry and decorative laminate. also known as ceiba, pochote, pongo, huimba, huimba white, black huimba, lupuna. "
"wood.  mohena wood. species widely distributed in the amazon rainforest and guyanas. in peru, it is located in iquitos, yurimaguas, pucallpa, tornavista, hu\u00e1nuco and tingo mar\u00eda. the dry wood presents a golden yellow color with light green tones and dark stripes crisscrossed, its texture is medium to fine.. "
"forestry byproducts. . "
"forestry byproducts. saw dust. "
"forestry byproducts. wood chips. "
"forestry byproducts. peat moss. "
"forestry byproducts. bark. "
"forestry byproducts. mulch. "
"forestry byproducts. wood wool. "
"forestry byproducts. wood flour. "
"forestry byproducts. balsams. "
"forestry byproducts. wood tar. "
"plant fibers. . "
"plant fibers. hemp. "
"plant fibers. cotton. "
"plant fibers. flax. "
"plant fibers. jute. "
"plant fibers. sisal. "
"plant fibers. coconut fibres or coir. "
"plant fibers. abaca fibers. "
"plant fibers. ramie. "
"plant fibers. straw. "
"plant fibers. broom corn or istle or piassava. "
"plant fibers.  cotton linter. short, fuzzy fiber which remains stuck to cotton seeds after ginning.  used in the manufactering of paper.. "
"perfumery products. . "
"perfumery products. licorice roots. "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. . "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. plywood. a type of engineered board made from thin sheets of wood, called plies or wood veneers. the layers are glued together, each with its grain at right angles to adjacent layers for greater strength. there are usually an odd number of plies, as the symmetry makes the board less prone to warping and the grain on the outside surfaces runs in the same direction. the plies are bonded under heat and pressure with strong adhesives making plywood a type of composite material.. "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. particleboard. a type of engineered wood product manufactured from wood particles, such as wood chips, sawmill shavings, or even saw dust, and a synthetic resin or other suitable binder, which is pressed and extruded. particleboard is a type of fiberboard, a composite material, but it is made up of larger pieces of wood than medium-density fibreboard and hardboard.. "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. medium density fiberboard. building material which combines the technologies of the hardboard and particleboard industries and is manufactured from wood fibers combined with a synthetic resin, usually urea fomaldehyde. it is intended for interior use.. "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. wood veneers. wood veneers are constructed of thin slices of real wood which are adhered to the surface of a piece of furniture to give it the glowing appearance of real wood.. "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. glued laminated timber. a type of structural timber composed of several layers of dimensioned timber glued together.. "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. treated timber. a type of timber that is injected or coated with chemicals to prevent decay or other damage insects or humidity.. "
"engineered wood products. a range of derivative wood products which are manufactured by binding together the strands, particles, fibers, or veneers of wood, together with adhesives, to form composite materials. these products are engineered to precise design specifications which are tested to meet national or international standards.. densified wood. wood impregnated with synthetic resins.. "
