"drilling and exploration equipment. . "
"drilling and exploration equipment. water well drilling equipment. "
"drilling and exploration equipment. uranium exploration equipment. "
"drilling and operation machinery. . "
"drilling and operation machinery. boring or sinking machinery. "
"drilling and operation machinery. downhole assembly machinery. "
"drilling and operation machinery. hammer drills. "
"drilling and operation machinery. crawler drills. "
"drilling and operation machinery. pneumatic vibrators. "
"drilling and operation machinery. tunneling machinery. "
"drilling and operation machinery. striking hammers. "
"drilling and operation machinery. sinker drills. "
"drilling and operation machinery. sewer inspection machinery. "
"drilling and operation machinery. rotary drills. "
"drilling and operation machinery. drilling rigs. "
"drilling and operation machinery. long hole drills. "
"drilling and operation machinery. industrial drill bits. "
"drilling and operation machinery. drifters. "
"drilling and operation machinery. derricks. "
"drilling and operation machinery. drilling carriages. "
"drilling and operation machinery. downhole fishing poles. "
"drilling and operation machinery. well drilling bit cones. "
"drilling and operation machinery.  hammer grab. a machine that pumps out earth and sand as well as fragmented substances inside the casing at the time of boring with large caliber in public works.. "
"drilling and operation machinery.  casing oscillator. a type of construction equipment used in drilling and foundation work for buildings, factories, roads, bridges and steel towers.. "
"drilling and operation machinery.  reverse circulation drill. a type of drilling rig that crushes base rock by attaching a special roller bit to the drill rod block section, and discharges crushed excavated soil to the surface by sucking the circulation water and crushed rock with a vacuum pump through the drill rod pipe.. "
"drilling and operation machinery.  diaphragm wall clamshell. a type of equipment that is used for bucket type excavation of narrow and deep underground holes.. "
"drilling and operation accessories. . "
"drilling and operation accessories. audio visual instruments for well inspection. "
"drilling and operation accessories. packers or tubing anchors. "
"drilling and operation accessories. drilling casings. "
"drilling and operation accessories. drilling screens. "
"drilling and operation accessories. well points. "
"drilling and operation accessories. drilling wedges. "
"drilling and operation accessories. drilling tool adapters. "
"drilling and operation accessories. drill stems. "
"drilling and operation accessories. well drilling tool or accessory kits. "
"drilling and operation accessories.  thru tubing packer repair kit. repair kit for a device that can be run into a wellbore with a smaller initial outside diameter that then expands externally to seal the wellbore. packers employ flexible, elastomeric elements that expand. the two most common forms are the production or test packer and the inflatable packer. the expansion of the former may be accomplished by squeezing the elastomeric elements (somewhat doughnut shaped) between two plates, forcing the sides to bulge outward. the expansion of the latter is accomplished by pumping a fluid into a bladder, in much the same fashion as a balloon, but having more robust construction.. "
"drilling and operation accessories.  thru tubing parts and accessories. parts and components used in the tubing string. through-tubing is generally associated with live-well operations, thereby causing minimal interruption to production and eliminating the need to kill the well.. "
"drilling and operation accessories.  wash pipe. a tool-string component used with a burn shoe for washover operations.the wash pipe is a relatively large internal-diameter tubular that can be washed over a fish in preparation for engaging and retrieving the fish.. "
"drilling and operation accessories.  drilling fingerboard. the working platform approximately halfway up the derrick or mast in which the derrickman stores drillpipe and drill collars in an orderly fashion during trips out of the hole.. "
"drilling and operation accessories.  coiled tubing connector. a downhole device used to connect the tool string to the coiled tubing string.. "
"drilling and operation accessories.  well site pit liner. liner used to contain water pumped from well sites until it can be picked up and disposed of. simular to a pool liner.. "
