"refuse collection and disposal. . "
"refuse collection and disposal. garbage collection or destruction or processing or disposal. "
"refuse collection and disposal. liquid waste collection or processing or disposal. "
"refuse collection and disposal. street cleaning services. "
"refuse collection and disposal.  tire collection and disposal. collection and disposal of tires. "
"refuse collection and disposal.  inorganic waste collection and disposal. collection and disposal of waste composed of material other than plant or animal matter. "
"refuse collection and disposal.  abandoned vehicle recovery and disposal service. towing and disposal costs related to the recovery of dumped or abandoned vehicles.. "
"refuse collection and disposal.  post event refuse collection and clean up service. collection of public litter and associated cleaning services for indoor or outdoor venues after major sporting or cultural events.. "
"nonhazardous waste disposal. . "
"nonhazardous waste disposal. garbage dump. "
"nonhazardous waste disposal. sanitary landfill operations. "
"nonhazardous waste disposal. sludge disposal. "
"nonhazardous waste disposal. dead animal disposal services. "
"liquid waste treatment. . "
"liquid waste treatment. sewage treatment services. "
"liquid waste treatment. chemical treatment services. "
"refuse treatment. . "
"hazardous waste disposal. . "
"hazardous waste disposal. medical waste disposal. "
"hazardous waste disposal. acid waste collection or disposal. "
"hazardous waste disposal. chemical detoxification. "
"hazardous waste disposal.  hazardous waste water disposal. disposal of hazardous waste water resulting from the use of water in a manufacturing process. "
"hazardous waste disposal.  inorganic hazardous waste collection and disposal. collection and disposal of inorganic waste that poses substantial or potential threats to public health or the environment. "
"landfill services. . "
"landfill services. landfill for non hazardous generic waste. "
"landfill services.  landfill for non hazardous special waste. special waste is a non rcra waste resulting from an industrial process that requires a waste profile\u00a0\u00a0. "
"landfill services. landfill for hazardous waste. "
"landfill services.  landfill for low risk hazardous or universal waste. universal wastes are wastes that meet the regulatory definition of hazardous waste, but are managed under special, tailored regulations. these wastes include batteries, pesticides, lamps and fluorescent bulbs, mercury-containing equipment and thermostats. "
"waste to fuel blending services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath. . "
"waste to fuel blending services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath. fuel blending for non hazardous generic waste. "
"waste to fuel blending services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath. fuel blending for non hazardous special waste. special waste is a non rcra waste resulting from an industrial process that requires a waste profile\u00a0\u00a0. "
"waste to fuel blending services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath. fuel blending for hazardous waste. "
"waste incineration services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath\u00a0\u00a0. . "
"waste incineration services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath\u00a0\u00a0. incineration for non hazardous generic waste. "
"waste incineration services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath\u00a0\u00a0. incineration for non hazardous special waste. a service providing processing of non resource conservation and recovery act rcra waste resulting from an industrial process that requires a waste profile.. "
"waste incineration services. a service we use with 3 different specific services underneath\u00a0\u00a0. incineration for hazardous waste. "
"recycling services. . "
"recycling services. recycling of solvents. "
"recycling services. recycling of used oil. "
"recycling services. recycling of cleaning rags. "
"recycling services. recycling of hazardous waste. "
"recycling services. recycling of computer based products. "
"recycling services. recycling of paper. "
"recycling services. recycling of corrugated cardboard. "
"recycling services. recycling of wood. "
"recycling services. recycling of plastic. "
"recycling services. recycling of metal. "
"recycling services. recycling of glass. "
"recycling services. recycling of styrofoam. "
"recycling services. recycling of vinyl. "
"recycling services.  recycling of fluorescent lamps. services relating to recycling fluorescent lamp tubes, to include recovery of elements.. "
"recycling services.  recycling of lamp ballasts. services relating to recycling of lamp ballasts, to include recovery of elements.. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees. . "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees.  demurrage fee. compensation paid for detention of a ship, freight car, or other cargo conveyance during loading or unloading beyond the scheduled time of departure.. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees. equipment usage fee. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees.  fuel recovery fee. a fee or surcharge charged by companies that transport their product by truck.. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees. hazardous waste fee. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees. labor fee. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees.  personal protective equipment fee. fee for the rental of all clothing and other work accessories designed to create a protective barrier against workplace hazards. examples include safety goggles, blast shields, hard hats, hearing protectors, gloves, respirators, aprons, and work boots.. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees.  refuse transportation fee. fees charged for the transport of refuse. "
"refuse disposal and treatment fees.  state county local waste or recycle fee. any fee or tax associated with recycling or waste disposal levied by state, county or local entities. "
