"fresh cut rose bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent roses. . "
"fresh cut rose bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent roses. fresh cut blue or lavender or purple rose bouquet. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent blue or lavender or purple roses. "
"fresh cut carnation bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent carnations. . "
"fresh cut carnation bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent carnations. fresh cut burgundy bi color carnation bouquet. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent burgundy bi color carnations. "
"fresh cut mini carnation bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent mini carnations. . "
"fresh cut mini carnation bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent mini carnations. fresh cut burgundy mini carnation bouquet. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent burgundy mini carnations. "
"fresh cut lily bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent lilies. . "
"fresh cut lily bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent lilies. fresh cut asiatic black out lily bouquet. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent asiatic black out lilies. "
"fresh cut pompon chrysanthemum bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent pompon chrysanthemum flowers. . "
"fresh cut pompon chrysanthemum bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent pompon chrysanthemum flowers. fresh cut daisy pompon chrysanthemum bouquet. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent daisy pompon chrysanthemum flowers. "
"fresh cut alstroemeria bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent alstroemeria flowers. . "
"fresh cut alstroemeria bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent alstroemeria flowers. fresh cut agropoli alstroemeria bouquet. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent agropoli alstroemeria flowers. "
"fresh cut tropical flower bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent tropical flowers. . "
"fresh cut tropical flower bouquets. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent tropical flowers. fresh cut dendrobium orchid bouquet. an arrangement of various types of fresh cut flowers and greens that are at least 75 percent dendrobium orchid flowers. "
"fresh cut mixed floral bouquets. an arrangement of various types of flowers and greens where no predominant type of flower or green is evident. . "
"fresh cut mixed floral bouquets. an arrangement of various types of flowers and greens where no predominant type of flower or green is evident. fresh cut rose carnation peony bouquet. an arrangement of roses and carnations and peonies and greens. "
