"time deposit accounts. a\u00a0deposit account\u00a0is a savings\u00a0account, current\u00a0account, or other type of bank\u00a0account, at a banking institution that allows money to be deposited\u00a0and withdrawn by the\u00a0account\u00a0holder. . "
"time deposit accounts. a\u00a0deposit account\u00a0is a savings\u00a0account, current\u00a0account, or other type of bank\u00a0account, at a banking institution that allows money to be deposited\u00a0and withdrawn by the\u00a0account\u00a0holder. certificate of deposit cd. a savings certificate entitling the bearer to receive interest. a cd bears a maturity date, a specified fixed interest rate and can be issued in any denomination. cds are generally issued by commercial banks and are normally insured by government agencies. the term of a cd generally ranges from one month to five years.. "
"time deposit accounts. a\u00a0deposit account\u00a0is a savings\u00a0account, current\u00a0account, or other type of bank\u00a0account, at a banking institution that allows money to be deposited\u00a0and withdrawn by the\u00a0account\u00a0holder. simple savings account. a deposit account held at a bank or other financial institution that provides principal security and a modest interest rate.\u00a0. "
"demand deposit accounts. a\u00a0demand deposit account\u00a0is a checking\u00a0account.  most\u00a0demand deposit accounts\u00a0or ddas allow customers to withdraw money without advance notice, but the term also includes\u00a0accounts\u00a0that require six days or less of advance notice. . "
"demand deposit accounts. a\u00a0demand deposit account\u00a0is a checking\u00a0account.  most\u00a0demand deposit accounts\u00a0or ddas allow customers to withdraw money without advance notice, but the term also includes\u00a0accounts\u00a0that require six days or less of advance notice. interest bearing checking account. a transactional deposit account held at a financial institution that allows for withdrawals and deposits and provides a level interest payment for maintaining balances. "
"demand deposit accounts. a\u00a0demand deposit account\u00a0is a checking\u00a0account.  most\u00a0demand deposit accounts\u00a0or ddas allow customers to withdraw money without advance notice, but the term also includes\u00a0accounts\u00a0that require six days or less of advance notice. money market account. an interest-bearing account that typically pays a higher interest rate than a savings account, and which provides the account holder with limited check-writing ability.\u00a0. "
"demand deposit accounts. a\u00a0demand deposit account\u00a0is a checking\u00a0account.  most\u00a0demand deposit accounts\u00a0or ddas allow customers to withdraw money without advance notice, but the term also includes\u00a0accounts\u00a0that require six days or less of advance notice. simple checking account. a transactional deposit account held at a financial institution that allows for withdrawals and deposits.. "
"electronic fund transfer and payment products. account management products with specific capabilities offered by banks on a fee basis. . "
"electronic fund transfer and payment products. account management products with specific capabilities offered by banks on a fee basis. bill paying application. an application that enables automated payments from a banking, brokerage or mutual fund account to vendors on a scheduled basis.  automatic bill payments occur over an electronic payment system, such as the automated clearing house ach. "
"electronic fund transfer and payment products. account management products with specific capabilities offered by banks on a fee basis. currency exchange application. an application that for a fee allows customers to exchange one currency for another currency.. "
"electronic fund transfer and payment products. account management products with specific capabilities offered by banks on a fee basis. money transfer application. an application that for a fee allows customers to transfer and receive money from other accounts and entities, domestically and internationally.  commonly called a wire transfer.. "
"electronic fund transfer and payment products. account management products with specific capabilities offered by banks on a fee basis. over draft protection. a line of credit that banks offer to their customers to cover overdrafts. overdraft protection is initiated when a customer writes a check for more than the amount in their account.. "
"card based revolving credit products. revolving credit facilities from banks or financial institutions that are activated, utilized and managed using a card with a specific identification number and validity period. . "
"card based revolving credit products. revolving credit facilities from banks or financial institutions that are activated, utilized and managed using a card with a specific identification number and validity period. secured credit card. a type of credit card that is backed by a savings account used as collateral on the credit available with the card. money is deposited and held in the account backing the card. the credit limit will be based on both previous credit history and the amount deposited in the account. the limit as a percent of the deposit tends to range between 50 to 100 percent.. "
"card based revolving credit products. revolving credit facilities from banks or financial institutions that are activated, utilized and managed using a card with a specific identification number and validity period. unsecured credit card. a type of credit card that is not secured by collateral. customers --individuals or companies- qualify for unsecured cards based on their credit history, their financial strength and their earnings potential.. "
"card based revolving credit products. revolving credit facilities from banks or financial institutions that are activated, utilized and managed using a card with a specific identification number and validity period. group travel meeting card. type of bank-issued corporate charge card specifically for travel expenses associated with group meetings or events.  the meeting card is to be used to charge the meeting expense (i.e. food and beverage, meeting room, audio visual, room nights, etc).. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. . "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. automotive loan. \u00a0a\u00a0personal\u00a0or business loan\u00a0to\u00a0purchase\u00a0an\u00a0automobile. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. equipment loan. \u00a0a\u00a0personal\u00a0or business loan\u00a0to\u00a0purchase\u00a0general \u00a0equipment. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. forfaiting loan. the purchasing of an exporters receivables --the amount importers owe the exporter-- at a discount by paying cash. the forfaiter, the purchaser of the receivables, becomes the entity to whom the importer is obliged to pay its debt.. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. home equity line of credit. a\u00a0type of loan\u00a0in which the lender agrees to lend a maximum amount within an agreed period where the\u00a0collateral\u00a0is the borrowers\u00a0equity\u00a0in his or her house. the borrower is not advanced the entire sum up front, but uses a\u00a0line of credit\u00a0to borrow sums that total no more than the\u00a0credit limit, similar to a\u00a0credit card. heloc funds can be borrowed during the draw period --typically 5 to 25 years. repayment is of the amount drawn plus interest. the full principal amount is due at the end of the draw period, either as a lump-sum\u00a0balloon payment\u00a0or according to a\u00a0loan amortization schedule.. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. home equity loan. a\u00a0type of loan in which the borrower uses the equity of his or her home as collateral. it has a fixed term and requires specific payments over time. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. inventory loan. a short-term loan made to a company based on the value of its products for sale. those products, or inventory, serve as collateral for the loan if the business does not sell its products and cannot repay the loan.\u00a0. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. mortgage loan. a debt instrument, secured by the collateral of specified real estate, that the borrower is obligated to pay back with a predetermined set of payments. mortgages are used by individuals and businesses to make large real estate purchases without paying the entire value of the purchase up front.. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. receivable loan. a short-term loan made to a company so it can fund the collection period for the accounts receivable arising from credit sales. those receivables serve as collateral for the loan if the business does not collect its receivables and cannot repay the loan.\u00a0. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. unsecured loan. a loan that is issued and supported only by the borrowers creditworthiness, rather than by a type of collateral. an unsecured loan is one that is obtained without the use of property as collateral for the loan.. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. unsecured revolving line of credit. a source of credit provided to an individual or business mostly by banks, which can be revoked or annulled at the lenders discretion or under specific circumstances. these types of lines of credit are supported only by the borrowers creditworthiness, rather than by a specific property or other type of collateral.. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. lock box. a post office box associated with a lock box service wherein a bank retrieves the payments sent to the box , processes them and deposits the funds directly into the company bank account.. "
"account based credit products. specific credit products extended using an agreement codified by an account number. safe deposit box. a box usually located inside a bank which is used to store valuables. a safe deposit box is rented from the institution and can be accessed with keys, pin numbers or some other security pass. title to the safe deposit box can be assumed and transferred. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. . "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. education savings account. a plan that allows for the prepayment of qualified education expenses at eligible educational institutions. in the united states, these are known as qualified tuition programs, or more fully as a section 529 plan.. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. health savings account . a tax-advantaged savings plan used to accumulate funds to pay for medical expenses.. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. individual retirement account ira, corporate. a qualified plan established by employers to which eligible employees may make salary deferral --salary reduction-- contributions on a post-tax and or pretax basis. employers offering such plans --called 401k plans in the united states--may make matching or non-elective contributions to the plan on behalf of eligible employees and may also add a profit-sharing feature to the plan. earnings accrue on a tax-deferred basis.. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. individual retirement account ira, personal. a type of individual retirement account ira established by individuals.  contributions made can be either tax deductible or not.  distributions can be either taxable or tax free --called a roth ira in the united states.  similar to other retirement plan accounts, non-qualified distributions may be subject to a penalty upon withdrawal.. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. individual retirement account ira, public sector. a type of retirement plan designed for public sector employees, tax-exempt organizations and religious organizations.  these are called 403b plans in the united states.. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. simplified employee pension sep account. a\u00a0type of retirement plan established by employers, including self-employed individuals.  the sep is an ira-based plan to which employers may make tax-deductible contributions on behalf of eligible employees, including the business owner. the employer is allowed a tax deduction for plan contributions, which are made to each eligible employees sep ira on a discretionary basis.. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. basic investment account. an investment account that is owned by an individual investor and looked after by the investor..\u00a0. "
"investment accounts. investment capabilities provided through agreements codified by a specific account number. managed investment account. an investment account that is owned by an individual investor and looked after by a hired professional money manager.\u00a0. "
