"power conditioning equipment. . "
"power conditioning equipment. distribution power transformers. "
"power conditioning equipment. power supply transformers. "
"power conditioning equipment. instrument transformers. "
"power conditioning equipment. power supply units. "
"power conditioning equipment. power adapters or inverters. "
"power conditioning equipment. frequency converters. "
"power conditioning equipment. signal converters. "
"power conditioning equipment. electrical or power regulators. "
"power conditioning equipment. magnetic coils. "
"power conditioning equipment.  uninterruptible power supply ups. an electrical apparatus that provides emergency power to a load when the input power source, typically mains power, fails.. "
"power conditioning equipment. chokes. "
"power conditioning equipment. electric rotary converters. "
"power conditioning equipment. capacitor banks. "
"power conditioning equipment. reactors. "
"power conditioning equipment. slip rings. "
"power conditioning equipment. power distribution units pdus. "
"power conditioning equipment. intrinsic safety barriers. "
"power conditioning equipment. inductive coupling devices. "
"power conditioning equipment. signal conditioners. "
"power conditioning equipment.  servo drives. servo drives are for controlling servomotors, used in industrial automation, motion control.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  electronic transformers. these are diode-based electronic transformers.. "
"power conditioning equipment. static var compensators. "
"power conditioning equipment. synchronous condensers. "
"power conditioning equipment. buck boost transformer. "
"power conditioning equipment. control power transformer. "
"power conditioning equipment. encapsulated transformer. "
"power conditioning equipment. harmonic mitigation transformer. "
"power conditioning equipment. isolation transformer. "
"power conditioning equipment. pad mount transformer. "
"power conditioning equipment. power supply outlet strip. "
"power conditioning equipment.  current transformer. a current transformer (ct) is a type of instrument transformer designed to provide a current in its secondary winding proportional to the current flowing in its primary winding.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  potential transformer. a potential transformer (pt) is a type of instrument transformer designed to provide a voltage in its secondary winding proportional to the voltage in its primary. they are commonly used in metering and protective relaying in the electrical power industry where they facilitate the safe measurement of voltages. "
"power conditioning equipment.  zero phase current transformer. the current transformers used to prevent malfunction of a ground relay for electric power distribution. the current generates through the process in which 3-level conductors pass through an iron core with the secondary coil wound on it, which produces magnetic balance.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  motor starting compensator. a device used to operate large scale load motors by connecting a motor terminal to the center tap of an autotransformer.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  radio frequency rf transformer. a transformer designed to transfer radio frequency energy from one circuit to another by means of a magnetic field. this differs from a power transformer.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  limiting transformer. transformer used when boosting or stepping down voltage for application in households, offices or others, and used for small capacity devices.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  deflecting yoke. an electromagnetic force generation device that is located around cathode-ray tube electron gun of television, and undertakes the role to deflect the electronic beam discharged from the electron gun to up, down, right and left direction.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  fuel cell power supply. electric power generation equipment that generates electricity by using the energy obtained through electrochemical reaction between hydrogen acquired through reforming of fuel such as natural gas, methanol, coal gas and others and atmospheric oxygen.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  electric power saver. a device that reduces electric power consumption by using various electrical mechanisms.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  constant voltage transformer. transformer used for computer department or precision machine and devices that requires uniform voltage at all times, and has constant voltage device by utilizing the principle of parallel ferro resonance.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  filament transformer. transformer for power supply that heats the filament in electron tube, and used in adjusting line voltage.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  rotary transformer. stator amplifier used on rotating magnetic head of videocassette recorder to pick up the signals of videocassette recorder.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  audio frequency transformer. transformer used in conversion of voltage in the audio frequency range.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  modulation transformer. a transformer that is used to match the impedance of the coil on secondary output from the amplitude modulation circuit.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  matching transformer. transformer used to match impedance.. "
"power conditioning equipment.  intermediate frequency transformer. transformer used to convert input/output impedance as well as to obtain selectivity of intermediate frequency in intermediate amplifier unit.. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. . "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. load centers. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. meter centers or sockets. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. panelboards. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. motor control centers. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. switchgear systems. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. power monitoring or control systems. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. lighting control systems. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. distribution or control board fixtures. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. transmission transformers. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. circuit breaker switchboard. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. fusible switchboard. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. low voltage alternating and direct current ac dc panelboard. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. low voltage motor control center. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. medium voltage motor control center. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. medium voltage switchgear. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories. low voltage switchgear. "
"distribution and control centers and accessories.  buss bar. a solid electrical conductor through which an electric current passes and is normally used for very high current or power circuits.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. . "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. control board enclosure. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. enclosure plates or covers. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical boxes. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical box covers. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. weatherproof boxes. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  switch box. a box, usually of metal, containing one or more electric switches.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. floor boxes. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  outlet box. a box or receptacle designed to facilitate connections to a wiring system.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. specialty electrical boxes. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. utility boxes. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical fittings. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  electrical bushing. type of bearing composed of various types of material designed to reduce friction between two parts, or to constrict motion of mechanical parts.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. ceiling flanges. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  explosion proof enclosure. structure designed to contain and prevent release heat from combusted gas.uses a flamepath to cool the gas before it reaches outside.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  cast device box. a type of container that accommodates wiring devices and provides an opening to splice, tap or pull conductors.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. ceiling box. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. ceiling pan. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  circuit breaker enclosure. an enclosure designed to house a circuit breaker.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. current transformer enclosure. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical box extension. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical box hardware and accessories. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical box partition. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical console and consolet enclosure. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  electrical general purpose enclosure. an enclosure intended for industrial non-hazardous use.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical operator interface unit enclosure. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. electrical pushbutton enclosure. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  electrical terminal enclosure. an enclosure within which electric terminals are connected.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. fire rated poke through box. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. fuse cabinet. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. gang box. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  hazardous location box. an enclosure used in hazardous locations.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  electrical junction box. an enclosure within which electric circuits are connected.. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. masonry box. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. modular electrical enclosure. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. telephone termination cabinet. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories. underground electrical enclosure. "
"electrical boxes and enclosures and fittings and accessories.  electrical sealing solvent or cement. solvents, primers and cements which are used to seal electrical boxes, enclosures, cable fittings and conduit fittings.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. . "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical plugs. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  locking plug. an electrical wiring device that employs a locking mechanism, such as insert and twist.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical sleeves. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  cable or wire lug. a mechanical device attached to a cable or wire that is used to maintain the position of the cable on a sheave.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical receptacles. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. terminal strips. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. mechanical connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. wire connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. terminal blocks. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. backshell connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. circular connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. coaxial connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. flat connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electronic connector caps. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. flex connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. liquid tight connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical connector assembly. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. spring jaw connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. terminal block covers. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. terminal block separator. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. jumper bar. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. wiring taps. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical taps. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  cable gland connector. a type of connector used to terminate cable and povide strain relief.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical terminals. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. radio frequency rf connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical metallic tubing emt connectors. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. connecting leads or wires. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrodes. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. current collector shoes. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. automatic wire or cable connector. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical extension cable. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical jumper cable. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical port assembly. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical underground bus connector. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. rj jack and module. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. twist on wire connector. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. wire terminal connector kit. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. wire terminal disconnect. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  wire or cable compression connector. a type of connector used to terminate cable and povide strain relief by compressing a rubber bushing onto cable.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  wire or cable compression splice. wire connector that uses compression to piece together splices.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  hammer head. used to connect cables to the distribution transformers.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  tap off. connectors that allow smaller gauge wires to be connected to larger gauge wires.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  cable joint. connectors that join two ends of cable. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  crab joint. power distribution blocks that have built in limiters. power can be connected on one leg and distributed 3 ways, 5 ways or 7 ways.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. battery terminal. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors. electrical insertion mold connector. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  substation connector. electrical connector used for high voltage purposes in electrical substation circuits.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  exothermic connector. a permanent welded connection that fuses electrical connections without the need for an outside power force.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  wire or cable compression reducer. a compression connector for joining two cables of different sizes.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  printed circuit board pcb press fit header connector. solderless electrical connector employing hand or machine applied pressure to accomplish joining of the mating parts.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  filtered header connector. a male, female or combination electrical connector that accepts wire or pin headers and is filtered against electromagnetic or other interference.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  connector and cable seal. seal to protect the connection points of multiple cables.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  telecommunication connector. a component that is used for the physical and electronic combination of circuit board or peripheral device that composes the communication equipment.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  jack for plug. an electrical component with negative terminus that has been prepared for insertion of plug.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  electrical metallic tubing emt elbow. a piece of non-threaded tubular electrical tubing used to enable a change in direction of the raceway.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  flexible braid. flexible braid with or without ferrules is used for bonding, grounding and connecting moving electrical parts.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  mechanical connector lug and cap. screw cap or port plug used in insulated mechanical connectors.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  mechanical connector plug and cap. screw cap or port plug used in insulated mechanical connectors.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  input output connector cover. protective cover used with electrical plugs or connectors.. "
"electrical lugs plugs and connectors.  electrical plug/receptacle adapter. a device that facilitates converting from one plug receptacle configuration to a different configuration. examples would be an rv plug adapter, universal plug adapter, etc.. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. . "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. motor starter controls. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. electrical contacts. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. timer controls. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. photocontrols. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. encoders. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. photoelectric sensors. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. contactors. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. indicator or pilot lights. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. indicator light parts or accessories. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. emergency stop device. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. reflector parts. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. electrical control modules. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. counter control. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. pendant control station. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. surface mount control station. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. shunt reactor. shunt reactors compensate the capacitive generation on power lines to avoid non-controlled voltage rise, especially on lightly loaded lines.. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. series reactor. devices that eliminate harmonic wave and protect capacitor banks from damage.. "
"electrical controls and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. recloser. switches that will automatically open to break a circuit if they detect electrical problems, and then attempt to close the circuit at timed intervals.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. . "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. circuit breakers. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. magnetic circuit breakers. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. miniature circuit breakers. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. time delay fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. plug fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. cartridge fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. glass body fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. midget fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. surge suppressers. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. ceramic fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. blade fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. grounding devices or assemblies. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. earth leakage circuit breakers. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. air circuit breakers. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. molded case circuit breakers. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. fuse parts or accessories. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. fuse wire. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. diazed or bottle fuses. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  transient protection materials. transient protection modules, when combined with other measures, can help prevent problems caused by voltage transients. transient energy may come from several sources, most typically environmental conditions or induced by switching heavy inductive loads. sensors, readers, it installations, etc., can be seriously affected if they are not protected.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. lightning protection apparatus and accessories. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. automotive fuse. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. electronic fuse. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. fuse holder. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. high speed fuse. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. medium voltage fuse. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. power fuse. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. semiconductor fuse. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. fuse block. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. fuse clip. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  high voltage oil filled circuit breaker. a type of automatically-operated electrical switch designed to protect an electrical circuit from damage caused by overload or short circuit. used in power transmission networks involving voltages of 72,500 volts or higher. uses oil as an arc extinguishing medium.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  network protector. device that protects the transformer from overload and fault conditions.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  circuit interruptor. devices that interrupt a circuit due to an overload or fault current condition.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  surge arrestor. devices that are used to protect the transmission system from high voltage surges. they act as safety valves to limit high voltage surges by reducing voltage to values that will not damage equipment. protect against lightening damage.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  voltage regulator. device that regulates the amount of voltage that will pass through equipment to protect against damage to that equipment. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  current limiter. device that regulates the amount of current that will pass through equipment to protect against damage to that equipment. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  arc suppressor. devices used to extinguish electrical arcs. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  fuse cutout. high voltage fuses designed to protect lines or line equipment in the event of a fault. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  vacuum interruptor. circuit breakers that are designed for switchgear for medium or high voltage electrical power distribution systems. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories. hydraulic circuit breaker. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  hook fuse. a fuse with both ends in hook shape.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  screw fuse. a fuse that uses fuse link with structure for tightening of screw into fuse holder after having inserted fuse element.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  surge protector panel. collection of surge protector and equipment that accommodates such collection installed on distributing board in order to protect exchanger from overvoltage, overcurrent induced to the communication system.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  high speed circuit breaker. circuit breaker with high speed of circuit breaking, which can prevent damages to devices as it can completely prevent flashover in the event of short circuit.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  oil circuit breaker. a type of circuit breaker that switches on and off electric circuit. it has the circuit breaking part immersed in insulating oil, and it is referred to as the oil circuit breaker or ocb or oil circuit breaker.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  gas circuit breaker. circuit breaker in which cutoff of electrical flow is achieved with special gas such as sf6, that is, an inert gas, as an arc extinguishing medium.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  electrostatic discharger. a device designed to be discharge when a prescribed level of voltage is applied in order to prevent facility from overvoltage.. "
"circuit protection devices and accessories.  earth additive. additive used to reduce safety accidents by reducing the resistance of electrical conductor.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. . "
"electrical hardware and supplies. electrical hangers. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. cable clips. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. cable ties. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. wallplates. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. cable clamp and staple. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. transformer bushings. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. harness board nails. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  din rail. a standardized 35 mm wide metal rail with a hat-shaped cross section.it is widely used, especially in europe, for mounting circuit breakers and industrial control equipment inside equipment racks.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. handle tie. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. electrical receptacle multipliers. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. cable tie mounts. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. cable splicing kits. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. strain reliefs. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. transformer handles. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. electrical insulators. "
"electrical hardware and supplies. wire and cable pulling device. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  heat shrinkable tube. a tube which is plasticized by extruding plastics or rubber used for insulation. when heated, it contracts, and thus can insulate wires.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  connector mounting hardware. hardware used for mounting electrical connections.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  electrical cable grip. a cable grip that is made of strand or others. it is used in pulling in relatively short cable into pipeline or pit as it is designed to support cables.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  electrical cable lasher. a device that is used within overhead line structure designed to rotate the steel wire coil formed around the support line or electrical cable in advance by placing the device on top of the bracing line in order to safeguard and support the cable.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  electrical insulator rod. rod manufactured with special insulation to prevent undesired current flow between conductor and object.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  insulating tube. rubber tube that covers the exposed electric conduction portion within the boundaries of work area. it is a device that covers mainly the electric conduction portion in straight line state.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  electrical lead set. two or more of different electrical conducting wire formed into a unified body, and it is possible to use them separately according to the location where each is needed.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  electrical rosette. device to connect and support electric cord, and is generally hung from the ceiling in order to fixate cord onto the ceiling.. "
"electrical hardware and supplies.  cable tie kit. kit containing multiple sizes of cable ties.. "
"intelligent building installations ibi. a class of products, devices, accessories, and supplies controlling ligthing, airconditioning, access control, etc. in buildings.. . "
"intelligent building installations ibi. a class of products, devices, accessories, and supplies controlling ligthing, airconditioning, access control, etc. in buildings.. controlling units or devices. this commodity consists of the active units and accessories in an ibi.. "
"intelligent building installations ibi. a class of products, devices, accessories, and supplies controlling ligthing, airconditioning, access control, etc. in buildings.. inactive units or devices. "
"intelligent building installations ibi. a class of products, devices, accessories, and supplies controlling ligthing, airconditioning, access control, etc. in buildings.. building environmental control system. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. . "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. circuit breaker lockout. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. lockout enclosure. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. lockout hasp and padlock. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. lockout kit and station. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. multiple lockout device. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. plug and cord lockout. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. receptacle blockout. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. switch lockout. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. valve lockout. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories. voltage marker. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories.  watertight locking outlet and cover. provides extended life in abusive environments.  covers and outlets provide a watertight seal when the receptacle is not in use. a dual-hasp provides additional lockout or tagout option for added security.. "
"electrical safety devices and accessories.  fuse lockout. a device used to lock out or block out different fuses according to safety standards such as us osha. "
"electrical variable speed drives. . "
"electrical variable speed drives. inverter drive ac. "
"electrical variable speed drives. motor control drive dc. "
"electrical variable speed drives. servo control drive. "
"electrical variable speed drives.  inverter drive parts and accessories. accessories and accessory kits associated with inverter drives.. "
"electrical variable speed drives.  inverter drive output filter. electrical filter or choke unit connected to an inverter drive to filter unwanted rfi and emi.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. . "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. cable pothead. cable potheads are used in substations to terminate the high-voltage, oil-filled transmission cables. as termination points, potheads have two basic functions. one function is to provide an electrical connection between the underground cable and the overhead bus. the other function is to provide a seal or end cap for the dielectric oil system.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. tap changer. devices that regulate the functioning of transformers. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. utility pole. a column shaped structure that is to support the power transmission line and power distribution line or communication line.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. guy wire. a galvanized steel wire strand installed for the purposes of reinforcement of strength of supporting structure like electric pole and others and maintenance of equilibrium of unbalanced load.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. electrical spacer. an insulator inserted between conductors to prevent direct contact between them.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. brace for crossarm. fitting used in supporting pole bar of overhead transmission and distribution line and electric pole.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. wood wiring block. timber used to attach distributing wire device inside of a house.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. guy wire anchor rod. steel rod used at the penetration section of guy. it is used in regions where the grounding section of the earth wire are easily corroded or at locations at which concrete block is used as the guy anchor block.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. square type steel crossarm. structure constructed to enable installation of electrical cable by horizontally installing on electric pole to support overhead line, and is also referred to as an arm.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. connecting washer for electric overhead line. connecting fitting used for linking of aluminum t bar on the conduction section of electric overhead line and electric car line.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. sectioning device on the electric car line. facility for the purposes of limiting the standstill section in load dispatching and securing of operation of train in other section in the event of occurrence of accidents in sections of electric car line or in the event of routine repair works requiring interruption of service by distinguishing load dispatching system of electric car line.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. insulator set eye. component used in insulator set on overhead transmission and distribution line and substation.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. utility pole crossarm. a crossarm used to install or support electric wire on electric pole.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. electrical bus way tap or bus tap. a fitting that is used to divergently connecting electrical cable in electrical wiring. in particular, it refers to the fitting to cross the electrical cable in cross-recessed format.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. electrical armor rod. a support cable that is used to prevent the disconnection of electric wire with the strand on the overhead transmission and distribution line. and it is used in combination with the cable joint and suspension clamp.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. overhead line link fitting. a metallic rod that has the egg shape that is bent in longitudinal direction to prevent the twist deformation of clamp on the overhead transmission and distribution line.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. strain pole suspension yoke. fitting used to support strain pole that reduces the tension of conductor hung on suspension insulator string by installing at arm.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. electrical wire block connector. equipment used to reduce the magnitude of force or change the direction of force by suspending rope or chain onto wheel.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. power transmission steel tower. tower that plays the role of transmitting electric power generated at the power plant to substation located in the vicinity of region of usage or in the central area of usage that is far away from the power plant.. "
"electrical transmission and distribution equipment. equipment, components and supplies associated with utility transmission and distribution functions. utility pole band. a band used to attach transformer, guys and others onto the electric pole in the overhead distribution line, and includes the hanger band.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. . "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. code switch. a switch that is connected with the cord on both sides. it is inserted in the middle of the cord to attach and it is also referred to as intermediary switch as to turn on and off the stand and others.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. knife switch. a knife type switch used in switching of electrical circuit with capacity less than 600v.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. sensitive switch. a switch with machine that expediently acts against external actions.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. tumble switch. a switch that can be tilted up and down, and refers to multiple number of switches that opens and closes circuits.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. safety switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. dimmer switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. drum switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. time switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. snap switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. pressure switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. toggle switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. slide switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. limit switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. controller switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. variable switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. push button switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. rotary switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. non fusible switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. level or float switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. radio frequency rf switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. switch part or accessory. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. foot switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. flow switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. keylock switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. mercury switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. rocker switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. joystick switch or control. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. vacuum switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. temperature switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. proximity switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. combination device switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. combination switch. a switch that is made up of two different types of switches or a switch and single plug receptacle to perform an operation.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. disconnect switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. locking switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. modular wiring system switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. occupancy or motion sensing switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. panel mount switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. photocell switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. pull chain switch. a switch operated by pulling a chain to move the switch from on to off.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. speed switch. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. reed switch. type of electrical switch consisting of a pair of ferrous metal contacts in a hermetically sealed glass envelope. contacts are pulled together by a permanent magnet placed close to the switch.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. ground switch. type of switch used to electrically ground equipment that has been taken out of service for maintenance.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. micro switch. a switch containing a micro contact gap and snap-action mechanism by which it operates at the specified movement and force.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. cutout switch. a switch with a single electrode to protect and operate a transformer. if the internal fuse is shut off, the cover is automatically open by gravity.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. magnetic switch. a switch which is activated by magnetic force and is used to protect and control overload of motors by using the overhead relay.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. electrical potentiometer switch. a three-terminal resistor with a sliding contact that forms an adjustable voltage divider.if only two terminals are used, it acts as a variable resistor or rheostat.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. automotive hvac potentiometer switch. a device used in controlling automotive heating, ventilation and air conditioning or circulation units.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. power signal distribution switch. a type of switch used in conjunction with automotive vehicle signal devices, systems and controls. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. steering wheel control switch. a type of switch used in conjunction with automotive vehicle steering wheel controls. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. automatic transmission gear selector switch. a type of switch that works in conjunction with automotive vehicle gear shift selector or indicator-prndl.. "
"electrical switches and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. detent switch. a type of switch that uses a mechanism to maintain the state of the switch. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. . "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. buchholtz relay. a relay used to protect against internal defects of transformer.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. distance relay. a relay designed to set the time limit for motion in accordance with the normal impedance measured from the relay installation point to the point of defect by using voltage and current at the time of defect.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. multicontact relay. an auxiliary relay with several contact points, and is used for the purposes of relaying and linking control signal or amplification of electric power for control.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. reed relay. a relay that is structured by combining the coil that makes the move and the reed switch sealed in the glass tube together with the inert gas in encountering with the narrow gap for the reed made of a pair of a ferromagnetic substance.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. meter relay. a relay that is used by attaching non-contact point type upper of upper limited pointer onto ammeter, voltmeter, wattmeter, varmeter, power factor meter and frequency meter, and can vary red and blue pointer in accordance with the usage. it is a relay used for alarm or interruption signal, and is essential in automatic control.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. directional ground relay. a ground relay that becomes operational at the time of ground fault under the status of normal direction. it is a ground relay with added function of detecting the direction of point of ground fault on the line that employs loop system format or network system.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. auxiliary relay. a relay used as an auxiliary for protective relay with purposes including increase in contact capacity, increase in contact points, addition to time delay or others.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. ratio differential relay. a relay that becomes operational when the difference between 2 currents generated due to defectiveness in differential relay exceeds certain ratio of sum of the 2 currents.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. unground relay. a relay that is designed to operate in motion to disconnect the accidental circuit by detecting the ground fault from the underground system.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. selecting ground relay. a relay that selectively interrupts the accidental electric line by detecting the ground fault in the distribution line of underground neutral system. it is a relay that selectively interrupts by detecting zero-phase sequence voltage and zero-phase earth fault current occurring at the location of relay installation in the event of ground fault.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. pressure relay. a relay that operates in response to the magnitude of pressure and is being operated by using increase in pressure of insulation medium in the event of electrical or mechanical accidents as well as being used in protection of devices insulated with fluid.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. polarity relay. a direct current relay that control the actions in accordance with the polarity of current in the coil by using interaction between the magnetic flux induced by permanent magnet and that induced by coil.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. trip free relay. a relay that trips the circuit breaker upon command for tripping even during input manipulation of circuit breaker as well as deters input action even if input commend is given continually.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. blocking relay. an auxiliary relay used hinder operation of other relay or equipment under prescribed conditions.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. electromagnetic relay. a relay equipped with electromagnet, armature and contact point, and opens and shuts the contact point by attracting armature by generating magnetic flux by the current flowing in the wound wire of electromagnet.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. reclosing relay. a voltage, current and electric power relay with function of shutting the circuit again.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. latching relay. a relay that enables continuous sustaining of operational status by applying pulse current only once.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. frequency relay. a relay that becomes operational when the frequency reaches prescribed value.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. direct current relay. it is used for the purpose of cutting off circuit or protecting line by detecting abnormal state during operation of network system with capacity of less than dc 300v with high sensitivity.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. horizontal relay. a relay used widely for strowger type automatic switchboard. it is an electromagnetic relay in the format of contact point spring moving in horizontal direction with characteristics of being multi-contact point type.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. non polarized relay. a direct current relay used for various control and locking of safety device of electric signal.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. direct current voltage relay. a static relay that uses semiconductor. it is a relay that protects device or line by cutting off circuit or sounding alarm through highly sensitive detection of abnormal status of voltage during operation of direct current network system with capacity of less than dc300v.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. multi function digital relay. a digital integrated protective relay that provides the high precision instrumentation and protective related to the receiving and distributing panel power facilities. it is the high-tech protective relay that perfectly materializes the diverse function and high speed communication function.. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. power relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. general purpose relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. socket relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. alternating voltage relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. mercury relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. time relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. overload relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. control relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. phase failure relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. solid state relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. relay board or multiple relay module. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. relay socket or base. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. turn signal flasher relay. "
"electrical relays and accessories. electrical devices for regulating flow of electrical energy. printed circuit board relay. a relay designed for use on a printed circuit board. "
