"management support services. . "
"management support services. office administration or secretarial services. "
"management support services. meeting planning services. "
"management support services. keyboard entry services. "
"management support services. clerical services. "
"management support services. fleet management services. "
"management support services. data archiving services. "
"management support services. audio visual services. "
"management support services.  document destruction services. the service is used to securely dispose of confidential information. the commodity is a service of permanent withdrawal or destruction of electronic records or paper materials. destruction may entail erasing information from magnetic media, or incineration or shredding or paper media.. "
"management support services.  vendor management services. subtiering services in which a supplier provides the management of another supplier providing services to a company. "
"business facilities oversight. . "
"business facilities oversight. property management services. "
"business facilities oversight. receiving or inventorying services. "
"business facilities oversight. furniture project administration or management. "
"business facilities oversight.  information technology it management services. a type of outsourcing on a proactive basis of information management it responsibilities and functions as a strategic method intended to improve operations and cut expenses.  spans hardware, software, network and infrastructural operations, maintenance similar to an in-house data center.. "
"asset recovery service. services required for disposal of excess assets. . "
"asset recovery service. services required for disposal of excess assets. byproduct disposal or sale service. services associated with the disposal of by-products of other processes and/or functions. "
"asset recovery service. services required for disposal of excess assets. capital asset disposal or sale service. services associated with the disposal capital assets. "
"asset recovery service. services required for disposal of excess assets. excess or obsolete non capital material disposal or sale service. services associated with the disposal of non-capitalized materials. "
"office equipment rental or leasing services. a service involving the rental or leasing of office equipment. . "
"office equipment rental or leasing services. a service involving the rental or leasing of office equipment. photocopier rental or leasing service. a service involving the rental or leasing of photocopiers. "
