"fine jewelry. . "
"fine jewelry. gold or silver or platinum chains. "
"fine jewelry. fine jewelry necklaces. "
"fine jewelry. fine jewelry rings. "
"fine jewelry. fine jewelry earrings. "
"fine jewelry. fine body jewelry. "
"fine jewelry. fine jewelry bracelets. "
"fine jewelry. tiaras. "
"fine jewelry.  fine jewelry ring guards. the commodity is used to reduce the size of a ring in order for it to fit the finger better. ring guards are attached to the ring by small arcs on either side of the curved semicircle in the middle.. "
"fine jewelry.  fine jewelry cuff links. this commodity is sold as a pair. the commodity refers to a piece of jewelry worn in button holes of (usually male) dress \"french cuffs\" shirts. fine jewelry cuff links are made of precious metals. the commodity is used to fasten together the sleeves.. "
"fine jewelry.  fine jewelry earring clasps. this commodity refers to the component of the earring that is used to hold the earring in the ear lobe and to prevent it from sliding out.. "
"fine jewelry.  fine jewelry pendants. the commodity is used as an ornaments suspended on a precious metal chain.. "
"fine jewelry.  fine jewelry pendant bales. this commodity is used to allow a precious metal chain to be attached to a pendant. it is the component of the pendant through which the chain slides.. "
"fine jewelry.  tiepin. a pin used to prevent necktie from moving.. "
"fine jewelry.  fine jewelry set. group of fine jewelry, set of fine necklace, earrings, bracelets, rings. "
"imitation jewelry. . "
"imitation jewelry. bracelets. "
"imitation jewelry. necklaces. "
"imitation jewelry. rings. "
"imitation jewelry. earrings. "
"imitation jewelry. body jewelry. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies. . "
"jewelry making tools and supplies. pickling compounds. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies. dapping punches. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies. wire mills. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies. jewelry mandrels. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies. ring sizers. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies. low temperature malleable friendly plastic materials or accessories. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies.  ear gauge. in this classification, this commodity indicates a product used as an instrument that sizes ear plugs for proper fit in a patient in a medical setting.  most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule these products under hs 901811.. "
"jewelry making tools and supplies.  ear gauge accessories. in this classification, this commodity indicates a product that is either an accessory or consumable associated with ear plug gages.  most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule these products under hs 901811.. "
