"locomotives and electric trolleys. . "
"locomotives and electric trolleys. diesel freight locomotives. "
"locomotives and electric trolleys. electric freight locomotives. "
"locomotives and electric trolleys. diesel passenger locomotives. "
"locomotives and electric trolleys. electric passenger locomotives. "
"locomotives and electric trolleys. parts of railway or tramway locomotives or rolling stock. "
"railway and tramway cars. . "
"railway and tramway cars. freight rail cars. "
"railway and tramway cars. tanker rail cars. "
"railway and tramway cars. passenger rail cars. "
"railway and tramway cars. hopper rail cars. "
"railway and tramway cars. streetcars or tramway cars. "
"railway and tramway cars.  self-propelled railway or tramway coach, van, or truck. except maintenance or service vehicles.. "
"railway and tramway cars. railway or tramway maintenance or service vehicle. "
"railroad support equipment and systems. . "
"railroad support equipment and systems. rail switching systems. "
"railroad support equipment and systems. railway sleepers. "
"railroad support equipment and systems. railway tracks. "
"railroad support equipment and systems. railway frogs or fish plates. "
"railroad support equipment and systems. rail couplers. "
"railroad support equipment and systems. draft gears. "
"railroad support equipment and systems. bogie assemblies. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  heavy railway rail. rail that typically refers to the standard inter-city rail network, which is built to be robust enough for heavy and high-speed trains, including freight trains, and long distance and high speed passenger trains.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  heavy railway relay rail. used heavy rail in good enough condition to be re-laid. relay rail is often used for industrial sidings and spur tracks, where the slower speed and infrequent traffic do not warranty laying new rail. relay rail is graded and classified according to the type and number of flaws, and the amount of wear established.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  light railway rail. rail that is built to lightweight construction including a steeper ruling gradient, suitable to lightweight trains or trams, and usually, but not always, intended for passenger traffic only, usually in urban and suburban areas.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  light railway relay rail. used light rail in good enough condition to be re-laid. relay rail is often used for industrial sidings and spur tracks, where the slower speed and infrequent traffic do not warranty laying new rail. relay rail is graded and classified according to the type and number of flaws, and the amount of wear established.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  steel railway tie. steel railroad ties used in underground applications.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  electrical rail contact bond. keeps electrical connectivity between rails.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  heavy rail turnout switch. turnout switch for heavy rail lines.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  light rail turnout switch. turnout switch for light rail lines.. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  wooden railroad tie. wooden structure used to support rail in railroad track construction. "
"railroad support equipment and systems.  rail bond. device providing electrical connection between adjoining or parallel rails.. "
