"sport accessories. . "
"sport accessories. sport scoreboards. "
"sport accessories. sport goals. "
"sport accessories. sport safety equipment other than headgear. "
"sport accessories. sport safety headgear. "
"sport accessories. sport nets or netting. "
"sport accessories. sport mats or padding. "
"sport accessories. basketball backboards. "
"sport accessories. basketball hoop. "
"sport accessories. roller skates or roller blades. "
"sport accessories. sport caps. "
"sport accessories. sports equipment bags. "
"sport accessories.  skateboard. a platform made generally of wood with a set of four wheels underneath made for riding on or for performing stunts.. "
"sport accessories.  player bench. a bench for players and the coaches in the stadium. it is sometimes set up to separate the field from stands.. "
"sport accessories.  judging chair or stand. a location or structure from which referees, judges or umpires can monitor games.. "
"sport accessories.  ball pump. a type of device that inserts the air with the power of human resources with the tube for various balls, bicycle tire, air mat and others.. "
"sport accessories.  starting gun. a gun which is used to inform the start in the record competition for several athletes in track, swimming, cycle and others who start simultaneously.. "
"sport accessories.  starting block. a foot supporter that is used when taking the position at the time of starting in track race.. "
"sport accessories.  net post. a type of device that is designed to secure the net in certain height in the ball games e.g., tennis, volleyball and badminton, where the net to cross the middle of the ground is required.. "
"sport accessories.  fencing sword or foil. a type of sword that is used in fencing competition.. "
"sport accessories.  athletic tool stand. a stand where the tools used in various track and field competitions are stored. it includes the mobile stand and box that place shot put, discus, javelin, hammer and others.. "
"sport accessories.  sporting goods cart. a manual carriage or chariot that carries the device used in various sports games. it is manufactured exclusively for the equipment or manufactured for multi-purpose use.. "
"sport accessories.  athletic training dummy. a doll that is made to practice the blocking or tackling in american football or doll in human-shape used for the practice of wrestling, taekwondo and others. it is made by the canvass fabric to fill inside with sponge, fabric shredded in small pieces, sand, saw dust or water, air and the like.. "
"sport accessories.  award podium. a stand where various events are undertaken for conferring the medal ceremony for high ranked prize winners in sports games or exchange certificates, winning money and the like. the middle of the stand is marked for number 1 and left side is marked for number 2 and right side is marked for number 3.. "
"sport accessories.  fencing jacket. a metal jacket that senses electricity that athletes wear for evaluating the offensive point score in the fencing games.. "
"sport accessories.  rubber inner tube for athletics. a rubber tube that is used in the ball of handball, volleyball, basketball, soccer, water polo, rugby, and other games.. "
"sport accessories.  weight lifting belt. a belt that is made with leather and others as worn in the weightlifting games.. "
"sport accessories.  bamboo sword. a sword designed for fencing practice that is made with four bamboo pieces.. "
"sport accessories.  basketball backstop. equipment that is installed in appropriate height on both sides of the floor to score in basketball games. it is consisted of ring, backboard and supporter.. "
"sport accessories.  fencing judging machine. a judging machine that uses the electricity used in the fencing game. when the tip of the sword is touched the opponents body, the judging machine has the light on.. "
"sport accessories.  sports timer. a watch for time that is used in water polo games.. "
"sport accessories.  swinging pole. a pole that has both ends of the log tied with the iron wire in v-shape and hang on the height of 10~20cm from the ground like the swing.. "
"sport accessories.  playground system. equipment that may have several play objects --sliding, swing, pole climbing and others-- in one system at once.. "
"sport accessories.  swimming kickboard. a device that has the plate shape floating well on the water while swimming. the buoys in tubes with air are excluded.. "
"sport accessories.  athletic heart rate monitor. portable device used to monitor heart rate during exercise. may be worn on the wrist and may come with a chest strap.. "
