"lamps and lightbulbs. . "
"lamps and lightbulbs. halogen lamps. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. solar lamps. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. fluorescent lamps. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. shadowless or scialytic operation light. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. stage or studio lamps. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. incandescent lamps. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. infrared lamps. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. metal halide lamp hid. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. mercury vapor lamp hid. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. ultraviolet uv lamps. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. high pressure sodium lamp hid. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  neon lamps. a lamp consisting of a discharge tube containing neon gas at low pressure. the lamp is constructed by mounting two electrodes within a small glass envelope. two wire leads made of tin plated dumet metal are brought out of the lamp to make electrical connection.. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  compact fluorescent cfl lamps. compact fluorescent lamps (cfls) are smaller versions of standard fluorescent lamps, consuming between 5 to 40 watts. unlike standard fluorescent lamps, they can directly replace standard incandescent bulbs.. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. induction lamp. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. low pressure sodium lamp hid. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. miniature lamp. "
"lamps and lightbulbs. sealed beam lamp. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  black light. a lamp that emits long wave uv radiation and very little visible light.. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  xenon lamp. a lamp that employs xenon gas to add in the life span of the light source.. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  krypton lamp. a lamp that employs krypton gas to add in the life span of the light source.. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  arc lamp. lamp that uses light emission of arc generated when current flows between electrodes.. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  light emitting diode led lamp. lamp using light emitting diode or led technology, available in linear or bulb form. it can come with embedded converter or external converter. separate lamp is needed for lighting.. "
"lamps and lightbulbs.  liquid crystal display lcd backlight or cold cathode lamp. cold cathode fluorescent lamps cffls provide the light source for lcd panels and monitors.  unlike other fluorescent lamps they use cathodes rather than filaments.. "
"lamp components and accessories. . "
"lamp components and accessories. lamp filament. "
"lamp components and accessories. lamp glass. "
"lamp components and accessories. lamp base. "
"lamp components and accessories.  high pressure sodium lamp ignitor. a device that provides a high voltage potential to excite the sodium gas within the bulb to ignite it.. "
"lamp components and accessories.  metal halide dry capacitor. dry capacitor for probe start metal halide lamps.. "
"lamp components and accessories.  high pressure sodium lamp dry capacitor. dry capacitor for high pressure sodium lamps.. "
"lamp components and accessories.  lamp tee. tee lamp support made of bronze with a wire mesh in which the shirt is tied in.. "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers. . "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers. fluorescent ballast. "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers. high intensity discharge hid ballast. "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers. induction lighting system. "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers. low voltage lighting transformer. "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers. neon ballast. "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers. step down lamp transformer. "
"lamp ballasts and lamp transformers.  electronic high intensity discharge ehid ballast. an electronic ballast that has been engineered to operate high intensity discharge lamps.. "
