"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. . "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. antilymphocyte or lymphocyte immune globulin. this classification denotes a serum containing gamma-globulins which are antibodies for lymphocyte antigens.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. guanidine. this classification denotes a natural amine with the molecular formula ch5n3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier ju58vj6y3b, chemically known as 594-14-9 (sulfate, 2:1) but generally known as guanidine, which bears us nih compound identifier 3520. european medicines agency schedules guanidine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub14034mig. most nations schedule guanidine under hs 29252900 and sitc 51482. as of q4 2014, guanidine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. guanidine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0120446 and nci concept code c77851. smiles: nc(=n)n.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. anakinra. this classification denotes an interleukin-1 receptor antagonist with the molecular formula c759h1186n208o232s10, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 9013duq28k, more generally known as anakinra. european medicines agency schedules anakinra in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05500mig. the term anakinra is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 9, no. 3, 1995, list 35. anakinra is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule anakinra under hs 30021095 and sitc 54163. as of q4 2014, anakinra remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. anakinra bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0245109 and nci concept code c38717. smiles: none.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. efalizumab. this classification denotes an immunomodulator, an immunosuppressant, and monoclonal antibody, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier xx2mn88n5d. most nations schedule efalizumab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, efalizumab remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. . efalizumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1320125 and nci concept code c68831.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. glucosamine hcl. this classification denotes a nutritional supplement, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 750w5330fy. european medicines agency schedules glucosamine hcl in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub02354mig. glucosamine hcl generally arises in the molecular formula c6h13no5.clh. the term glucosamine hcl is an international nomenclature of cosmetic ingredients designation. smiles: cl.oc(c(o)c(n)c=o)c(o)co.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. gusperimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c17h37n7o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier uj0zj76do9, chemically known as spergualin, 15-deoxy but generally known as gusperimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 55362. european medicines agency schedules gusperimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07991mig. world health organization schedules gusperimus in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. gusperimus is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule gusperimus under hs 29252900 and sitc 51482. as of q4 2014, gusperimus remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. smiles: oc(nc(=o)cccccc/n=c(/n)n)c(=o)nccccncccn.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. isatoribine. this classification denotes a biological response modifier with the molecular formula c10h12n4o6s.h2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 85141onn7o, chemically known as 5-amino-3-ribofuranosylthiazolo(4,5-d)pyrimidine-2,7(3h,6h)-dione but generally known as isatoribine, which bears us nih compound identifier 72231. most nations schedule isatoribine under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, isatoribine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. isatoribine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1612082 and nci concept code c90811. smiles: c(c1c(c(c(o1)n2c3=c(c(=o)n=c(n3)n)sc2=o)o)o)o.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. sodium aurothiosulfate or sodium aurotiosulfate. this classification denotes an antirheumatic agent with the molecular formula au.3na.2o3s2.2h2o, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier cks1yq9w1j, chemically known as aurate(3-), bis(monothiosulfato)-, trisodium but more generally known as sodium aurothiosulfate or gold sodium thiosulfate, which bears us nih compound identifier 27176. smiles: os(=o)(=o)[s-].os(=o)(=o)[s-].[na+].[na+].[na+].[au].. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. atlizumab or tocilizumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody with the molecular formula c6428h9976n1720o2018s42, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier i031v2h011, more generally known as tocilizumab. european medicines agency schedules tocilizumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub20313. the term tocilizumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 18, no. 3, 2004, list 52. atlizumab or tocilizumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1609165 and nci concept code c84217.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. blinatumomab. a bispecific cd19-directed cd3 t-cell engager indicated for the treatment of philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory bcell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. vedolizumab. an integrin receptor antagonist.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. nivolumab. an injectable human programmed death receptor-1 (pd-1) blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma and disease progression following ipilimumab and, if braf v600 mutation positive, a braf inhibitor.. "
"immunosuppressants. this classification denotes agents that suppress immune function by one of several mechanisms of action. classical cytotoxic immunosuppressants act by inhibiting dna synthesis. others may act through activation of t-cells or by inhibiting the activation of helper cells. while immunosuppression has been brought about in the past primarily to prevent rejection of transplanted organs, new applications involving mediation of the effects of interleukins and other cytokines are emerging.. palivizumab. a humanized monoclonal antibody (igg1? ) produced by recombinant dna technology, directed to an epitope in the a antigenic site of the f protein of respiratory syncytial virus (rsv).. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. . "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. anthrax antigen. this clasification denotes preparations recognized by the immune system and which induce an immune reaction to an acute infection caused by the spore-forming bacteria bacillus anthracis, an infection called anthrax. it commonly affects hoofed animals such as sheep and goats. infection in humans often involves the skin (cutaneous anthrax), the lungs (inhalation anthrax), or the gastrointestinal tract. anthrax is not contagious and can be treated with antibiotics.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. brucella antigen. this classification denotes a vaccine against a genus of gram-negative, aerobic bacteria that causes brucellosis. its cells are nonmotile coccobacilli and are animal parasites and pathogens. the bacterium is transmissible to humans through contact with infected dairy products or tissue.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. diphteria vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a localized infection of mucous membranes or skin caused by toxigenic strains of corynebacterium diphtheriae. it is characterized by the presence of a pseudomembrane at the site of infection. diphtheria toxin, produced by c. diphtheriae, can cause myocarditis, polyneuritis, and other systemic toxic effects.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. encephalitis virus vaccine. this clasification denotes vaccines to treat inflammation of brain parenchymal tissue as a result of viral infection, typically primary or secondary manifestation of togaviridae infections; herpesviridae infections; adenoviridae infections; flaviviridae infections; bunyaviridae infections; picornaviridae infections; paramyxoviridae infections; orthomyxoviridae infections; retroviridae infections; and arenaviridae infections.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. hemophilus influenzae vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a species of haemophilus found on the mucous membranes of humans and a variety of animals, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2495x8vzxg.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. hepatitis b virus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for inflammation of the liver in humans caused by a member of the orthohepadnavirus genus, hepatitis b virus, which transmits (generally) by parenteral exposure, such as transfusion of contaminated blood or blood products, but can also be transmitted via sexual or intimate personal contact.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. influenza virus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for an acute viral infection in humans involving the respiratory tract. it is marked by inflammation of the nasal mucosa; the pharynx; and conjunctiva, and by headache and severe, often generalized, myalgia.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. measles virus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a highly contagious infectious disease caused by morbillivirus, common among children but also seen in the nonimmune of any age, in which the virus enters the respiratory tract via droplet nuclei and multiplies in the epithelial cells, spreading throughout the mononuclear phagocyte system.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. meningococcal vaccine. this clasification denotes vaccines or candidate vaccines used to prevent infection with neisseria meningitidis. meningococcal vaccine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0700144 and nci concept code c96397.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. mumps virus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for an acute infectious disease caused by rubulavirus, spread by direct contact, airborne droplet nuclei, fomites contaminated by infectious saliva, and perhaps urine, and usually seen in children under the age of 15, although adults may also be affected.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. parotitis vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine to treat inflammation of the parotid gland due to staphylococcus aureus infection.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. pertussis vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a respiratory infection caused by bordetella pertussis and characterized by paroxysmal coughing ending in a prolonged crowing intake of breath.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. pneumococcal vaccine. this classification denotes vaccines for vaccines or candidate vaccines used to prevent infections with streptococcus pneumoniae.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. poliovirus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a species of enterovirus which is the causal agent of poliomyelitis in humans. three serotypes (strains) exist. transmission is by the fecal-oral route, pharyngeal secretions, or mechanical vector (flies). vaccines with both inactivated and live attenuated virus have proven effective in immunizing against the infection.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. rabies vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for an acute viral cns infection affecting mammals, including humans, which is caused by the rabies virus (a type species of lyssavirus) and which usually spreads by contamination with virus-laden saliva of bites of rabid animals, most especially dogs, cats, bats, foxes, raccoons, skunks, and wolves. the inactivated virus vaccine is used for preexposure immunization to persons at high risk of exposure, and in conjunction with rabies immunoglobulin, for postexposure prophylaxis.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. rota virus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a genus of reoviridae, causing acute gastroenteritis in birds and mammals, including humans.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. rubella virus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine that addresses that acute infectious disease caused by the rubella virus, of type species of rubivirus causing acute infection in humans, primarily children and young adults, and which enters the respiratory tract via airborne droplet and spreads to the lymphatic system.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. smallpox vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine an acute, highly contagious, often fatal infectious disease caused by an orthopoxvirus characterized by a biphasic febrile course and distinctive progressive skin eruptions. vaccination has succeeded in eradicating smallpox worldwide.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. tetanus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine against a disease caused by tetanospasmin, a powerful protein toxin produced by clostridium tetani, a disease commonly called tetanus. tetanus usually occurs after an acute injury, such as a puncture wound or laceration. generalized tetanus, the most common form, is characterized by tetanic muscular contractions and hyperreflexia. localized tetanus presents itself as a mild condition with manifestations restricted to muscles near the wound. it may progress to the generalized form.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. typhoid vaccine. this classification denotes vaccines used to prevent typhoid fever (an acute systemic febrile infection caused by salmonella typhi, a serotype of salmonella enterica) and/or paratyphoid fever (a prolonged febrile illness commonly caused by several paratyphi serotypes of salmonella enterica), which are caused by various species of salmonella. typhoid vaccine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0041469 and nci concept code c96392.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. varicella virus vaccine. this classification denotes a live, attenuated varicella virus vaccine used for immunization against chickenpox, recommended for children between the ages of 12 months and 13 years.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. yellow fever vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine that addresses an acute infectious disease primarily of the tropics, caused by a virus and transmitted to man by mosquitoes of the genera aedes and haemagogus. yellow fever vaccine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0301508 and nci concept code c96396.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. hepatitis a virus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for inflammation of the liver in humans caused by a member of the hepatovirus genus, human hepatitis a virus, and which can be transmitted through fecal contamination of food or water.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. haemophilus b vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a species of haemophilus found on the mucous membranes of humans and a variety of animals, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier luy6p8763w. the us centers for disease control recognizes this preparation under concept code 51 and cdc code system oid 2.16.840.1.113883.12.292.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. measles and mumps and rubella virus vaccine. this clasification denotes a compound vaccine. the first disease that this compound vaccine prevents is a highly contagious infectious disease caused by morbillivirus, called measles, common among children but also seen in the nonimmune of any age, in which the virus enters the respiratory tract via droplet nuclei and multiplies in the epithelial cells, spreading throughout the mononuclear phagocyte system. the second disease this compound vaccine prevents is an acute infectious disease caused by rubulavirus, called mumps, spread by direct contact, airborne droplet nuclei, fomites contaminated by infectious saliva, and perhaps urine, and usually seen in children under the age of 15, although adults may also be affected. the third disease this compound vaccine prevents an acute infectious disease caused by the rubella virus, commonly called rubella, and which enters the respiratory tract via airborne droplet and spreads to the lymphatic system.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. diphtheria and tetanus toxoids absorbed. this clasification denotes a compound preparation. the first component of this preparation addresses a localized infection of mucous membranes or skin caused by toxigenic strains of corynebacterium diphtheriae characterized by the presence of a pseudomembrane at the site of infection. diphtheria toxin, produced by c. diphtheriae, can cause myocarditis, polyneuritis, and other systemic toxic effects. the second component of this preparation addresses a disease caused by tetanospasmin, a powerful protein toxin produced by clostridium tetani. tetanus usually occurs after an acute injury, such as a puncture wound or laceration. generalized tetanus, the most common form, is characterized by tetanic muscular contractions and hyperreflexia.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. diptheria and tetanus toxoids and acellular pertussis vaccine. this clasification denotes a compound preparation. the first component of this preparation addresses a localized infection of mucous membranes or skin caused by toxigenic strains of corynebacterium diphtheriae characterized by the presence of a pseudomembrane at the site of infection. diphtheria toxin, produced by c. diphtheriae, can cause myocarditis, polyneuritis, and other systemic toxic effects. the second component of this preparation addresses a disease caused by tetanospasmin, a powerful protein toxin produced by clostridium tetani. tetanus usually occurs after an acute injury, such as a puncture wound or laceration. generalized tetanus, the most common form, is characterized by tetanic muscular contractions and hyperreflexia. the third component of this compound preparation consists of a suspension of killed bordetella pertussis organisms, used for immunization against pertussis or whooping cough.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. diptheria and tetanus and wholecell pertussis vaccine. this clasification denotes a compound preparation. the first component of this preparation addresses a localized infection of mucous membranes or skin caused by toxigenic strains of corynebacterium diphtheriae characterized by the presence of a pseudomembrane at the site of infection. diphtheria toxin, produced by c. diphtheriae, can cause myocarditis, polyneuritis, and other systemic toxic effects. the second component of this preparation addresses a disease caused by tetanospasmin, a powerful protein toxin produced by clostridium tetani. tetanus usually occurs after an acute injury, such as a puncture wound or laceration. generalized tetanus, the most common form, is characterized by tetanic muscular contractions and hyperreflexia. the third component of this compound preparation consists of a suspension of killed bordetella pertussis organisms, used for immunization against pertussis or whooping cough.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. haemophilus influenzae b with diptheria and tetanus and acellular pertussis. this classification denotes a vaccine for a) a species of haemophilus found on the mucous membranes of humans and a variety of animals; b) a localized infection of mucous membranes or skin caused by toxigenic strains of corynebacterium diphtheriae; a disease caused by tetanospasmin, a powerful protein toxin produced by clostridium tetani; and d) a respiratory infection caused by bordetella pertussis.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. haemophilus influenzae b with diptheria and tetanus and wholecell pertussis conjugated vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine for a) a species of haemophilus found on the mucous membranes of humans and a variety of animals; b) a localized infection of mucous membranes or skin caused by toxigenic strains of corynebacterium diphtheriae; a disease caused by tetanospasmin, a powerful protein toxin produced by clostridium tetani; and d) a respiratory infection caused by bordetella pertussis.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. lyme disease vaccine. this classification denotes vaccines for an infectious disease caused by a spirochete, borrelia burgdorferi, which is transmitted chiefly by ixodes dammini and pacificus ticks in the united states and ixodes ricinis in europe. it is a disease with early and late cutaneous manifestations plus involvement of the nervous system, heart, eye, and joints in variable combinations. this disease was formerly known as lyme arthritis and first discovered at old lyme, connecticut.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. plague vaccine. this classification denotes vaccines for an acute infectious disease caused by yersinia pestis that affects humans, wild rodents, and their ectoparasites. this condition persists due to its firm entrenchment in sylvatic rodent-flea ecosystems throughout the world. bubonic plague is the most common form.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. staphylococcus vaccine. this classification denotes a vaccine against staphylococcus aureus, an opportunistic bacterial pathogen, a genus of gram-positive, facultatively anaerobic, coccoid bacteria. its organisms occur singly, in pairs, and in tetrads and characteristically divide in more than one plane to form irregular clusters.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. measles and rubella virus vaccine. this clasification denotes a compound vaccine. the first disease that this compound vaccine prevents is a highly contagious infectious disease caused by morbillivirus, called measles, common among children but also seen in the nonimmune of any age, in which the virus enters the respiratory tract via droplet nuclei and multiplies in the epithelial cells, spreading throughout the mononuclear phagocyte system. the second disease this compound vaccine prevents is an acute infectious disease caused by the rubella virus, commonly called rubella, and which enters the respiratory tract via airborne droplet and spreads to the lymphatic system.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. bacillus calmette\u2013guerin or bcg vaccine. this clasification denotes vaccines to treat the bovine variety of the tubercle bacillus, also called mycobacterium tuberculosis var. bovis or more generally, calmette-guerin bacillus.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. rubella and mumps virus vaccine. this classification denotes a combination vaccine. the first component of this combination vaccine addresses that acute infectious disease caused by the rubella virus, of type species of rubivirus causing acute infection in humans, primarily children and young adults, and which enters the respiratory tract via airborne droplet and spreads to the lymphatic system. the second component of this combination vaccine addresses an acute infectious disease caused by rubulavirus (a genus of the family paramyxoviridae and subfamily paramyxovirinae, where all the species have hemagglutinin and neuraminidase activities but lack a c protein), which is spread by direct contact, airborne droplet nuclei, fomites contaminated by infectious saliva, and perhaps urine, and usually seen in children under the age of 15, although adults may also be affected.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. human papilloma virus vaccine. this clasification denotes vaccines or candidate vaccines used to prevent or treat a genus of the family paramyxoviridae (subfamily paramyxovirinae) where the virions of most members have hemagglutinin but not neuraminidase activity. all members produce both cytoplasmic and intranuclear inclusion bodies. human papilloma virus vaccine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1512511 and nci concept code c1951.. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. zoster vaccine. a live attenuated virus vaccine indicated for prevention of herpes zoster (shingles) in individuals 50 years of age and older. "
"vaccines and antigens and toxoids. this classification denotes a) suspensions of killed or attenuated microorganisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa, or rickettsiae), antigenic proteins derived from them, or synthetic constructs, administered for the prevention, amelioration, or treatment of infectious and other diseases; b) substances that are recognized by the immune system and induce an immune reaction; or c) preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis.. tuberculin purified protein derivative. a type of sterile aqueous solution of a purified protein fraction for intradermal administration as an aid in the diagnosis of tuberculosis.. "
"poultry vaccines. this classification denotes preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis in domesticated birds raised for food, such as chickens, ducks, geese, and turkeys.. . "
"poultry vaccines. this classification denotes preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis in domesticated birds raised for food, such as chickens, ducks, geese, and turkeys.. e coli vaccines. this clasification denotes vaccines or candidate vaccines used to prevent or treat infections from a species of gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria (gram-negative facultatively anaerobic rods) commonly found in the lower part of the intestine of warm-blooded animals. it is usually nonpathogenic, but some strains are known to produce diarrhea and pyogenic infections. pathogenic strains (virotypes) are classified by their specific pathogenic mechanisms such as toxins ( enterotoxigenic escherichia coli), etc.. "
"poultry vaccines. this classification denotes preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis in domesticated birds raised for food, such as chickens, ducks, geese, and turkeys.. gumboro vaccines. this clasification denotes vaccines or candidate vaccines used to prevent or treat infection a species of avibirnavirus causing severe inflammation of the bursa of fabricius in chickens and other fowl, sometimes called infectious bursal disease virus. transmission is thought to be through contaminated feed or water.. "
"poultry vaccines. this classification denotes preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis in domesticated birds raised for food, such as chickens, ducks, geese, and turkeys.. avian infectious bronchitis vaccines. this clasification denotes vaccines or candidate vaccines used to prevent or treat infection with a species of coronavirus causing infections in chickens and possibly pheasants.. "
"poultry vaccines. this classification denotes preparations of pathogenic organisms or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis in domesticated birds raised for food, such as chickens, ducks, geese, and turkeys.. newcastle virus vaccines. this clasification denotes vaccines to treat an acute febrile, contagious, viral disease of birds caused by an avulavirus called newcastle disease virus. it is characterized by respiratory and nervous symptoms in fowl and is transmissible to man causing a severe, but transient conjunctivitis.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. . "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. bacterial immunoglobulins. this classification denotes bacterial antibodies.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. filgrastim. this classification denotes a therapeutic colony stimulating factor with the molecular formula c845h1339n223o243s9, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier pvi5m0m1gw, more generally known as filgrastim. european medicines agency schedules filgrastim in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07627mig. the term filgrastim is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31. filgrastim is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule filgrastim under hs 30012090 and sitc 54162. as of q4 2014, filgrastim remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. filgrastim bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0210630 and nci concept code c1474. smiles: none.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. pegfilgrastim. this classification denotes a therapeutic colony stimulating factor, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 3a58010674. european medicines agency schedules pegfilgrastim in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub16451mig. pegfilgrastim generally arises in the molecular formula c3h8no(c2h4o)n. the term pegfilgrastim is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 16., no. 1.2002, list 47.) most nations schedule pegfilgrastim under hs 39072021 and sitc 57419. as of q4 2014, pegfilgrastim remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. pegfilgrastim bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1171279 and nci concept code c1854. smiles: none.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. rho d immunoglobulins. this classification denotes bacterial antibodies that prevent rhesus disease.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. gamma igg or immunoglobulin. this classification denotes gamma-chain antibodies.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. levamisole or tetramisole. this classification denotes a chemo immunostimulant adjuvant with the molecular formula c11h12n2s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2880d3468g, chemically known as l-2,3,5,6-tetrahyro-6-phenylimidazo(2,1-b)thiazole but generally known as levamisole, which bears us nih compound identifier 26879. european medicines agency schedules levamisole in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08454mig. the term levamisole is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules levamisole in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. levamisole is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. levamisole or tetramisole bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0023556 and nci concept code c61609. smiles: c1csc2=nc(cn21)c3=cc=cc=c3.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. galsulfase. this classification denotes an enzyme replacement preparation with the molecular formula c2529h3843n689o716s16, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 59ua429e5g, more generally known as galsulfase. european medicines agency schedules galsulfase in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub21229. the term galsulfase is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 19, no. 3, 2005, list 54. most nations schedule galsulfase under hs 35079090 and sitc 51691. as of q4 2014, galsulfase remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. galsulfase bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1615657 and nci concept code c74207. smiles: none.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. thalidomide. this classification denotes an indole compound and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c13h10n2o4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 4z8r6ors6l, chemically known as 2,6-dioxo-3-phthalimidopiperidine but generally known as thalidomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 5426. european medicines agency schedules thalidomide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10958mig. the term thalidomide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 16, no. 3 1962, list 4). world health organization schedules thalidomide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. thalidomide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule thalidomide under hs 29251995 and sitc 51482. as of q4 2014, thalidomide remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. thalidomide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0039736 and nci concept code c870. smiles: o=c1nc(=o)ccc1n1c(=o)c2c(c1=o)cccc2.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. mifamurtide. this classification denotes an immunostimulant with the molecular formula c59h108n6o19p.na.h2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 1lm890q4fy. european medicines agency schedules mifamurtide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub25179. the term mifamurtide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 21, no. 1, 2007, list 57). most nations schedule mifamurtide under hs 29329990 and sitc 51569. as of q4 2014, mifamurtide remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. mifamurtide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0129341 and nci concept code c1394. smiles: p(=o)(occ(oc(=o)ccccccccccccccc)coc(=o)ccccccccccccccc)(occnc(=o)c(nc(=o)ccc(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(oc1c(nc(=o)c)c(oc(c1o)co)o)c)c)c(=o)n)c)o.[na].o.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. betazole. this classification denotes a diagnostic reagent, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 1c065p542o. european medicines agency schedules betazole in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05805mig. betazole generally arises in the molecular formula c5h9n3. the term betazole is an international non-proprietary name or inn. betazole is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule betazole under hs 29331990 and sitc 51571. as of q4 2014, betazole remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. betazole bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0005321 and nci concept code c65258. smiles: c1=c(nn=c1)ccn.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. bropirimine. this classification denotes an immunostimulant with the molecular formula c10h8brn3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier j57ctf25xj, chemically known as 4-pyrimidinol, 2-amino-5-bromo-6-phenyl- but generally known as bropirimine, which bears us nih compound identifier 65457. european medicines agency schedules bropirimine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05928mig. the term bropirimine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 40, no. 6, 1986, list 26). bropirimine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule bropirimine under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, bropirimine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. bropirimine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0054150 and nci concept code c1024. smiles: c1=cc=c(c=c1)c2=c(c(=o)n=c(n2)n)br.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. histamine. this classification denotes an immunostimulant with the molecular formula c5h9n3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 820484n8i3, chemically known as 4-imidazoleethylamine but generally known as histamine, which bears us nih compound identifier 774. european medicines agency schedules histamine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub14107mig. world health organization schedules histamine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. as of q4 2014, histamine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. histamine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0019588 and nci concept code c73238. smiles: c1=c(nc=n1)ccn.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. impromidine. this classification denotes an anti-lipidemic agent with the molecular formula c14h23n7s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 931l4x5wmm, chemically known as guanidine, n-(3-(1h-imidazol-4-yl)propyl)-n-(2-(((5-methyl-1h-imidazol-4-yl)methyl)thio)ethyl)- but generally known as impromidine, which bears us nih compound identifier 41376. european medicines agency schedules impromidine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08159mig. the term impromidine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 34, no. 10 1980, list 20). impromidine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule impromidine under hs 29332990 and sitc 51573. as of q4 2014, impromidine remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. impromidine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0063440 and nci concept code c65902. smiles: s(ccn/c(=n/cccc1[nh]cnc1)n)cc1nc[nh]c1c.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. pidotimod. this classification denotes an immunostimulant with the molecular formula c9h12n2o4s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 785363r681, chemically known as 4-thiazolidinecarboxylic acid, 3-((5-oxo-2-pyrrolidinyl)carbonyl)-, (r-(r*,s*))- but generally known as pidotimod, which bears us nih compound identifier 65944. european medicines agency schedules pidotimod in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09826mig. the term pidotimod is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31). world health organization schedules pidotimod in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. pidotimod is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule pidotimod under hs 29341000 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, pidotimod remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. pidotimod bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0081002 and nci concept code c76686. smiles: s1cc(n(c(=o)c2nc(=o)cc2)c1)c(=o)o.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. roquinimex. this classification denotes an immunostimulant and angiogenesis activator inhibitor with the molecular formula c18h16n2o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 372t2944c0, chemically known as 1,2-dihydro-4-hydroxy-n,1-dimethyl-2-oxo-3-quinolinecarboxanilide but generally known as roquinimex, which bears us nih compound identifier 55197. european medicines agency schedules roquinimex in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10384mig. the term roquinimex is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 39, no. 5, 1985, list 25). world health organization schedules roquinimex in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. roquinimex is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule roquinimex under hs 29337900 and sitc 51561. as of q4 2014, roquinimex remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. roquinimex bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0244748 and nci concept code c1519. smiles: oc1n(c2c(c(=o)c1c(=o)n(c1ccccc1)c)cccc2)c.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. sargramostim. this classification denotes a therapeutic granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor with the molecular formula c639h1006n168o196s8, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 5taa004e22, more generally known as sargramostim. european medicines agency schedules sargramostim in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10450mig. the term sargramostim is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 6, no, 3 1992, list 32. sargramostim is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule sargramostim under hs 30012010 and sitc 54162. as of q4 2014, sargramostim remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. sargramostim bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0216231 and nci concept code c1492. smiles: c1cc(oc1co)n2c=cc(=nc2=o)n.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. thymopentin. this classification denotes an immunostimulant with the molecular formula c30h49n9o9, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier o3y80zf13f, chemically known as l-tyrosine, n-(n-(n-(n(sup 2)-l-arginyl-l-lysyl)-l-alpha-aspartyl)-l-valyl)- but generally known as thymopentin, which bears us nih compound identifier 50587. european medicines agency schedules thymopentin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10993mig. the term thymopentin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 37, no. 6, 1983, list 23). world health organization schedules thymopentin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. thymopentin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule thymopentin under hs 29371900 and sitc 54154. as of q4 2014, thymopentin remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. thymopentin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0080225 and nci concept code c1294. smiles: o=c(nc(c(=o)nc(c(c)c)c(=o)nc(cc1ccc(o)cc1)c(=o)o)cc(=o)o)c(nc(=o)c(n)ccc/n=c(/n)n)ccccn.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. tiprotimod. this classification denotes an immunostimulant with the molecular formula c10h13no4s2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier fz7zh245co, chemically known as 5-thiazoleacetic acid, 2-((3-carboxypropyl)thio)-4-methyl- but generally known as tiprotimod, which bears us nih compound identifier 65890. european medicines agency schedules tiprotimod in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub11110mig. the term tiprotimod is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 1, no. 4, 1987, list 27). tiprotimod is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule tiprotimod under hs 29341000 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, tiprotimod remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. tiprotimod bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0076719 and nci concept code c76689. smiles: cc1=c(sc(=n1)scccc(=o)o)cc(=o)o.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. ancestim. this classification denotes a therapeutic stem cell factor with the molecular formula c1662h2650n422o512s18, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier pyb4q6jg41, more generally known as ancestim. european medicines agency schedules ancestim in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00524mig. the term ancestim is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 13 no. 1, 1999, list 41. most nations schedule ancestim under hs 30021095 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, ancestim remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. . ancestim bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0538777 and nci concept code c1646.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. molgramostim. this classification denotes a therapeutic granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor with the molecular formula c639h1007n171o196s8, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier b321al142j, more generally known as molgramostim. european medicines agency schedules molgramostim in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09040mig. the term molgramostim is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31. molgramostim is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations schedule molgramostim under hs 30012090 and sitc 54162. smiles:. as of q4 2014, molgramostim remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. . molgramostim bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0218633 and nci concept code c77591.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. betazole dihydrochloride. this classification denotes a diagnostic reagent with the molecular formula c5h9n3.2clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 66abp6c83f, chemically known as 3-(2-aminoethyl)pyrazole dihydrochloride, but more generally known as betazole dihydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 67412. european medicines agency schedules betazole dihydrochloride or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05805mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule betazole dihydrochloride under hs 29331990. smiles: c1c[nh]nc1ccn.cl.cl.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. betazole hydrochloride. this classification denotes a diagnostic reagent with the molecular formula c5h9n3.2clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 66abp6c83f, chemically known as 3,5-beta-pyrazoleethylamine dihydrochloride but more generally known as betazole hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 67412. the base compound, betazole, most often comes in base, dihydrochloride, and hydrochloride forms. european medicines agency schedules betazole hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00789mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule betazole hydrochloride under hs 29331990 and sitc 51571. as of q4 2014, betazole hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. betazole hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1879837 and nci concept code c65259. smiles: c1c[nh]nc1ccn.cl.cl.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. impromidine hydrochloride. this classification denotes an anti-lipidemic agent with the molecular formula c14h23n7s.3clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier e57wp5y41j, chemically known as guanidine, n-(3-(1h-imidazol-4-yl)propyl)-n-(2-(((5-methyl-1h-imidazol-4-yl)methyl)thio)ethyl)-, trihydrochloride, but more generally known as impromidine hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 163318. european medicines agency schedules impromidine hydrochloride or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08159mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule impromidine hydrochloride under hs 29332990. impromidine hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0886650 and nci concept code c65903. smiles: cc1c(nc[nh]1)csccnc(=n)ncccc2c[nh]cn2.cl.cl.cl.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. levamisole hydrochloride. this classification denotes a chemo immunostimulant adjuvant with the molecular formula c11h12n2s.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier dl9055k809, chemically known as 2,3,5,6-tetrahydro-6-phenyl-imidazo(2,1-b)thiazole but more generally known as levamisole hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 3913. european medicines agency schedules levamisole hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub02902mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule levamisole hydrochloride under hs 29349990. as of q4 2014, levamisole hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. levamisole hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0733384 and nci concept code c610. smiles: c1ccc(cc1)[c@h]2cn3ccsc3=n2.cl.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. levamisole phosphate. this classification denotes a biological response modifier and antihelminthic agent with the molecular formula c11h12n2s.h3o4p, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier fig89n8azy, chemically known as (s)-2,3,5,6-tetrahydro-6-phenylimidazo(2,1-b)thiazoletriylium phosphate but more generally known as levamisole phosphate, which bears us nih compound identifier 198119. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule levamisole phosphate under hs 29349990. as of q4 2014, levamisole phosphate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. levamisole phosphate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0309393 and nci concept code c77331. smiles: c1ccc(cc1)[c@h]2cn3ccsc3=n2.op(=o)(o)o.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. tetramisole hydrochloride. this classification denotes a chemo immunostimulant adjuvant c11h12n2s.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 0ndk265mcv, chemically known as (+/-)-2,3,5,6-tetrahydro-6-phenylimidazo(2,1-b)thiazole monohydrochloride, but more generally known as tetramisole hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 68628. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tetramisole hydrochloride under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, tetramisole hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: c1ccc(cc1)c2cn3ccsc3=n2.cl.. "
"immunostimulating agents. this classification denotes drugs or other preparations that engender a natural but heightened imune response, or formulations for presenting an antigen to induce specific immunologic responses. it consists of an assembly of antigens in multimeric form. the assembly is attached to a matrix with a built-in adjuvant, saponin. iscoms induce strong serum antibody responses, and are used as highly immunogenic forms of subunit vaccines.. pegademase. this classification denotes an industrial aid, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier hw3h7d91f6. european medicines agency schedules pegademase bovine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub30488. pegademase generally arises in the molecular formula c5h8no3(c2h4o)n. the term pegademase is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see world health organization inn reference publication, volume 5, no. 3 1991, list 31.). "
"multiple sclerosis ms agents. this classification denotes drugs to treat an autoimmune disorder mainly affecting young adults and characterized by destruction of myelin in the central nervous system, multiple sharply demarcated areas of demyelination throughout the white matter of the central nervous system, and visual loss, extra-ocular movement disorders, paresthesias, loss of sensation, weakness, dysarthria, spasticity, ataxia, and bladder dysfunction.. . "
"multiple sclerosis ms agents. this classification denotes drugs to treat an autoimmune disorder mainly affecting young adults and characterized by destruction of myelin in the central nervous system, multiple sharply demarcated areas of demyelination throughout the white matter of the central nervous system, and visual loss, extra-ocular movement disorders, paresthesias, loss of sensation, weakness, dysarthria, spasticity, ataxia, and bladder dysfunction.. glatiramer acetate. this classification denotes a biological response modifier with the molecular formula (c9h9no2)n.(c6h12n2o)n.(c5h7no3)n.(c3h5no)n.c2h4o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 5m691hl4bo, chemically known as l-glutamic acid polymer with l-alanine, l-lysine and l-tyrosine, acetate (salt) but generally known as glatiramer acetate, which bears us nih compound identifier 3081884. european medicines agency schedules glatiramer acetate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub13971mig. world health organization schedules glatiramer acetate in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. as of q4 2014, glatiramer acetate remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. glatiramer acetate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0289884 and nci concept code c65805. smiles: cc(c(=o)o)n.cc(=o)o.c1=cc(=cc=c1cc(c(=o)o)n)o.c(ccn)cc(c(=o)o)n.c(cc(=o)o)c(c(=o)o)n.. "
"immunomodulating drugs based on tyrosine inhibitors and kinase inhibitors. this classification denotes immunomodulating drugs made from or based in part on tyrosine inhibitors, or kinase inhibitors. . "
"immunomodulating drugs based on tyrosine inhibitors and kinase inhibitors. this classification denotes immunomodulating drugs made from or based in part on tyrosine inhibitors, or kinase inhibitors. temsirolimus. this classification denotes a mtor inhibitor with the molecular formula c56h87no16, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 624kn6gm2t, chemically known as rapamycin, 42-(3-hydroxy-2-(hydroxymethyl)-2-methylpropanoate) but generally known as temsirolimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 6440033. european medicines agency schedules temsirolimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub21308. the term temsirolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 19, no. 3, 2005, list 54). world health organization schedules temsirolimus in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations schedule temsirolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, temsirolimus remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. temsirolimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1707080 and nci concept code c1844. smiles: o(c1cc(ccc1oc(=o)c(co)(co)c)cc(c1oc(=o)c2n(cccc2)c(=o)c(=o)c2(oc(ccc2c)cc(oc)c(=cc=cc=cc(cc(c(=o)c(oc)c(o)c(=cc(c(=o)c1)c)c)c)c)c)o)c)c.. "
"immunomodulating drugs based on tyrosine inhibitors and kinase inhibitors. this classification denotes immunomodulating drugs made from or based in part on tyrosine inhibitors, or kinase inhibitors. hyaluronan or hyaluronate or hyaluronic acid. this classification denotes a glycosaminoglycan, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier s270n0trqy. european medicines agency schedules hyaluronic acid in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub14126mig. hyaluronic acid generally arises in the molecular formula c14h23no12(c14h21no11)n. the term hyaluronic acid is a hazardous substances data bank designation. smiles: cc(=o)nc1c(c(c(oc1o)co)o)oc2c(c(c(c(o2)c(=o)o)oc3c(c(c(c(o3)co)o)oc4c(c(c(c(o4)c(=o)o)o)o)o)nc(=o)c)o)o.. "
"immunomodulating drugs based on tyrosine inhibitors and kinase inhibitors. this classification denotes immunomodulating drugs made from or based in part on tyrosine inhibitors, or kinase inhibitors. polystyrene sulfonate. this classification denotes an electrolyte replacement agent with the molecular formula c2h6(c8h9o3s)n.(c8h8(c2h3)xl)n, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 70ko0r01ry. smiles: c=cc1=cc=cc=c1s(=o)(=o)[o-].[ca+2].. "
"immunomodulating drugs based on tyrosine inhibitors and kinase inhibitors. this classification denotes immunomodulating drugs made from or based in part on tyrosine inhibitors, or kinase inhibitors. tolvaptan. this classification denotes a vasopressin antagonist with the molecular formula c26h25cln2o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 21g72t1950, chemically known as 7-chloro-5-hydroxy-1-(2-methyl-4-(2-methylbenzoylamino)benzoyl)2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1h-1-benzazepine but generally known as tolvaptan, which bears us nih compound identifier 216237. european medicines agency schedules tolvaptan in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub22755. the term tolvaptan is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 15 no. 1, 2001, list 45). world health organization schedules tolvaptan in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations schedule tolvaptan under hs 29339930 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, tolvaptan remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. tolvaptan bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1176308 and nci concept code c77082. smiles: clc1cc2c(o)cccn(c2cc1)c(=o)c1c(cc(nc(=o)c2c(cccc2)c)cc1)c.. "
"immunomodulating drugs based on tyrosine inhibitors and kinase inhibitors. this classification denotes immunomodulating drugs made from or based in part on tyrosine inhibitors, or kinase inhibitors. resiquimod. this classification denotes a biological response modifier with the molecular formula c17h22n4o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier v3dmu7pvxf, chemically known as 1h-imidazo(4,5-c)quinoline-1-ethanol, 4-amino-2-(ethoxymethyl)-alpha,alpha-dimethyl- but generally known as resiquimod, which bears us nih compound identifier 159603. the term resiquimod is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 3, 2000, list 44). most nations schedule resiquimod under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, resiquimod remains the us fda preferred term for this commodity. resiquimod bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0389573 and nci concept code c63958. smiles: ccocc1=nc2=c(n1cc(c)(c)o)c3=cc=cc=c3n=c2n.. "
"combination toxoids and vaccines. this classification denotes combination drugs and preparations which constitute a) pathogenic organisms (toxoids) or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis; or b) killed or attenuated microorganisms, their antigenic proteins, or synthetic constructs thereof, most often for prevention or treatment of infectious diseases. these are commonly known as toxoids and vaccines. typical combination toxoid and vaccine constituents are mumps, pertussis, rubella, and tetanus.. . "
"combination toxoids and vaccines. this classification denotes combination drugs and preparations which constitute a) pathogenic organisms (toxoids) or their derivatives made nontoxic and intended for active immunologic prophylaxis; or b) killed or attenuated microorganisms, their antigenic proteins, or synthetic constructs thereof, most often for prevention or treatment of infectious diseases. these are commonly known as toxoids and vaccines. typical combination toxoid and vaccine constituents are mumps, pertussis, rubella, and tetanus.. diphtheria toxoid/pertussis vaccine/tetanus toxoid. this classification denotes a combination drug defined by the u.s. department of veterans affairs in its (vas) national drug file (ndf), which falls under va drug class im100. this va drug class (im100) classifies this compound as belonging to the group vaccines.. "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. . "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. laflunimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c15h13f3n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 44eh625ius, chemically known as (z)alpha-cyano-alpha(sup 4),alpha(sup 4),alpha(sup 4)-trifluoro-beta-hydroxycyclopropaneacrylo-3,4-xylide. but more generally known as laflunimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 5745208. european medicines agency schedules laflunimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08387mig. the term laflunimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 8 no. 3 1994, list 34). laflunimus is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule laflunimus under hs 29269095 and sitc 51484. as of q4 2014, laflunimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. laflunimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2825486 and nci concept code c81163. smiles: fc(f)(f)c1c(cc(nc(=c(\\c(=o)c2cc2)c#n)\\o)cc1)c.. "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. laquinimod. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant, a biological preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 908sy76s4g, chemically known as 5-chloro-n-ethyl-4-hydroxy-1-methyl-2-oxo-n-phenyl-1,2-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxamide but more generally known as laquinimod, which bears us nih compound identifier 54677946. european medicines agency schedules umirolimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub25236. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule laquinimod under hs 29337900 amd sitc 51561. smiles: ccn(c1=cc=cc=c1)c(=o)c2=c(c3=c(c=cc=c3cl)n(c2=o)c)o.. "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. methotrexate sodium. this classification denotes an antineoplastic antimetabolite, immunosuppressant, folic acid antagonist, and nucleic acid synthesis inhibitor with the molecular formula c20h20n8o5.2na, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 3ig1e710zn, chemically known as glutamic acid, n-(p-(((2,4-diamino-6-pteridinyl)methyl)methylamino)benzoyl)-, disodium salt, l-(+)- but more generally known as methotrexate sodium, which bears us nih compound identifier 23893. european medicines agency schedules methotrexate sodium in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03225mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule methotrexate sodium under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, methotrexate sodium remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. methotrexate sodium bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0949359 and nci concept code c1735. smiles: cn(cc1cnc2c(n1)c(nc(n2)n)n)c3ccc(cc3)c(=o)n[c@@h](ccc(=o)[o-])c(=o)[o-].[na+].[na+].. "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. sulfasalazine. this classification denotes a sulfonamide anti-infective agent with the molecular formula c18h14n4o5s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 3xc8guz6cb, chemically known as salicylic acid, 5-((p-(2-pyridylsulfamoyl)phenyl)azo)- but more generally known as sulfasalazine, which bears us nih compound identifier 5353980. european medicines agency schedules sulfasalazine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10727mig. the term sulfasalazine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 40, no. 6, 1986, list 26). world health organization schedules sulfasalazine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. sulfasalazine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule sulfasalazine under hs 29350090 and sitc 51580. as of q4 2014, sulfasalazine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. sulfasalazine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0036078 and nci concept code c29469. smiles: s(=o)(=o)(nc1ncccc1)c1ccc(n/n=c2/c=c(c(=o)c=c2)c(=o)o)cc1.. "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. tabilautide. this classification denotes a biological response modifier, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) ez61nb05tg. european medicines agency schedules tabilautide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10793mig. tabilautide generally arises in the molecular formula c27h49n5o8. the term tabilautide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29.) tabilautide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tabilautide under hs 29241900 and sitc 51471. as of q4 2014, tabilautide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tabilautide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2699878 and nci concept code c76570. smiles: o=c(nc(c(=o)nc(ccc(=o)nc(cccc(n)c(=o)n)c(=o)o)c(=o)o)c)ccccccccccc.. "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. dexrazoxane. this classification denotes a metal chelator with the molecular formula c11h16n4o4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 048l81261f, chemically known as 2,6-piperazinedione, 4,4-propylenedi-, (+)- but more generally known as dexrazoxane, which bears us nih compound identifier 71384. european medicines agency schedules dexrazoxane in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub07046mig. the term dexrazoxane is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 4, no. 3 1990, list 30). world health organization schedules dexrazoxane in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. dexrazoxane is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule dexrazoxane under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, dexrazoxane remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. dexrazoxane bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0733406 and nci concept code c1333. smiles: cc(cn1cc(=o)nc(=o)c1)n2cc(=o)nc(=o)c2.. "
"immunosupressant amides. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the -co-nh2 radical (amides) that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amides.. dexrazoxane hydrochloride. this classification denotes a metal chelator, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 5346058q7s. european medicines agency schedules dexrazoxane hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub01631mig. dexrazoxane hydrochloride generally arises in the molecular formula c11h16n4o4.clh. the term dexrazoxane hydrochloride is a u.s. fda orange book designation. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule dexrazoxane hydrochloride under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, dexrazoxane hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. dexrazoxane hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0982118 and nci concept code c66945. smiles: c[c@@h](cn1cc(=o)nc(=o)c1)n2cc(=o)nc(=o)c2.cl.. "
"immunosupressant amino acids. this classification denotes organic compounds that contain an amino (-nh2) and a carboxyl (-cooh) group and which generally polymerize to form proteins, substances called amino-acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amino acids.. . "
"immunosupressant amino acids. this classification denotes organic compounds that contain an amino (-nh2) and a carboxyl (-cooh) group and which generally polymerize to form proteins, substances called amino-acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amino acids.. afelimomab. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant, a biological preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 6sc756x51v. as of q4 2014, afelimomab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule afelimomab under hs 30021000 and sitc 54163 (for the most current information on wco designations on afelimomab and salts thereof, please see committee proceedings hsc/18, 40.600 ann. d, par. 6, 1996).. "
"immunosupressant amino acids. this classification denotes organic compounds that contain an amino (-nh2) and a carboxyl (-cooh) group and which generally polymerize to form proteins, substances called amino-acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amino acids.. briakinumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody with the molecular formula c6376h9874n1722o1992s44, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 978i8m0p8x, more generally known as briakinumab. european medicines agency schedules briakinumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub31454. the term briakinumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 24, no. 1, 2010 list 63. as of q4 2014, briakinumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity.. "
"immunosupressant amino acids. this classification denotes organic compounds that contain an amino (-nh2) and a carboxyl (-cooh) group and which generally polymerize to form proteins, substances called amino-acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amino acids.. penicillamine. this classification denotes an angiogenesis activator inhibitor with the molecular formula c5h11no2s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) gnn1dv99gx, chemically known as valine, 3-mercapto-, l- but more generally known as penicillamine, which bears us nih compound identifier 4727. european medicines agency schedules penicillamine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09667mig. the term penicillamine is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules penicillamine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. penicillamine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule penicillamine under hs 29309016 and sitc 51549. as of q4 2014, penicillamine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. penicillamine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0030817 and nci concept code c729. smiles: sc(c(n)c(=o)o)(c)c.. "
"immunosupressant amino acids. this classification denotes organic compounds that contain an amino (-nh2) and a carboxyl (-cooh) group and which generally polymerize to form proteins, substances called amino-acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amino acids.. penicillamine disulfide. this classification denotes an angiogenesis activator inhibitor with the molecular formula c10h20n2o4s2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier q98fpi4n5p, chemically known as d-valine, 3,3-dithiobis-, but more generally known as penicillamine disulfide, which bears us nih compound identifier 88724. european medicines agency schedules penicillamine disulfide or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09667mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule penicillamine disulfide under hs 29309016. smiles: cc(c)([c@h](c(=o)o)n)ssc(c)(c)[c@h](c(=o)o)n.. "
"immunosupressant amino acids. this classification denotes organic compounds that contain an amino (-nh2) and a carboxyl (-cooh) group and which generally polymerize to form proteins, substances called amino-acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amino acids.. penicillamine hydrochloride. this classification denotes an angiogenesis activator inhibitor with the molecular formula c5h11no2s.clh, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 5n9jk529zj, chemically known as valine, 3-mercapto-, hydrochloride, d- but more generally known as penicillamine hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 92173. european medicines agency schedules penicillamine hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03676mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule penicillamine hydrochloride under hs 29309016 and sitc 51549. as of q4 2014, penicillamine hydrochloride remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: cc(c)([c@h](c(=o)o)n)s.cl.. "
"immunosupressant amino acids. this classification denotes organic compounds that contain an amino (-nh2) and a carboxyl (-cooh) group and which generally polymerize to form proteins, substances called amino-acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant amino acids.. etanercept. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c2224h3475n621o698s36, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier op401g7ojc, more generally known as etanercept. european medicines agency schedules etanercept in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub01984mig. the term etanercept is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 1, 2000, list 43. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule etanercept under hs 30021095 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, etanercept remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. . etanercept bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0717758 and nci concept code c2381.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. . "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. adalimumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody and biological response modifier with the molecular formula c6428h9912n1694o1987s46, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) fys6t7f842, more generally known as adalimumab. european medicines agency schedules adalimumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub20016. the term adalimumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 3, 2000, list 44). as of q4 2014, adalimumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. adalimumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1122087 and nci concept code c65216. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule adalimumab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. for the most current information on wco designations on adalimumab and salts thereof, please see committee proceedings hsc/27, nc0430b2 ann. q/1 (i) (2001). smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. basiliximab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c6378h9844n1698o1997s48, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 9927mt646m, more generally known as basiliximab. european medicines agency schedules basiliximab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12468mig. the term basiliximab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 11, no. 3 1997, list 38. basiliximab is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule basiliximab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. as of q4 2014, basiliximab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. basiliximab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0676831 and nci concept code c52186. smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. belimumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody with the molecular formula c6714h10428o2102s52, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 73b0k5s26a, more generally known as belimumab. european medicines agency schedules belimumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub25607. the term belimumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 18, no. 1, 2004, list 51. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule belimumab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, belimumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. . belimumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1723401 and nci concept code c91385.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. canakinumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody with the molecular formula c6452h9958n1722o2010s42, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 37cq2c7x93, more generally known as canakinumab. european medicines agency schedules canakinumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub30137. the term canakinumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 22, no. 1, 2008, list 59. as of q4 2014, canakinumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. certolizumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody, which generally arises as c19h30n5o8s(c2h4o)n(c2h4o)n, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier g6adw90r16. european medicines agency schedules certolizumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub25456. the term certolizumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 18, no. 3, 2004, list 52.) as of q4 2014, certolizumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. certolizumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id cl430555 and nci concept code c97947. smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. certolizumab pegol. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier umd07x179e. european medicines agency schedules certolizumab pegol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub25423. certolizumab pegol generally arises in the molecular formula c19h30n5o8s(c2h4o)n(c2h4o)n. the term certolizumab pegol is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 18, no. 3, 2004, list 52.) most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule certolizumab pegol under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. certolizumab pegol bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1872109 and nci concept code c80972. smiles: as of q4 2014, certolizumab pegol remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. dacliximab or daclizumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c6394h9888n1696o2012s44, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier cuj2mvi71y, more generally known as daclizumab. european medicines agency schedules daclizumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06885mig. the term daclizumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. dacliximab or daclizumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0663182 and nci concept code c1569. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule dacliximab or daclizumab under 30021002 and sitc 54163. smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. eculizumab. this classification denotes an immunomodulator, an immunosuppressant, and monoclonal antibody, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier a3ulp0f556. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule eculizumab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, eculizumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. . eculizumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1541483 and nci concept code c48386.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. infliximab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody with the molecular formula c6428h9912n1694o1987s46, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) b72hh48flu, more generally known as infliximab. european medicines agency schedules infliximab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub02681mig. the term infliximab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 12 no. 1 1998, list 39. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule infliximab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. as of q4 2014, infliximab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. infliximab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0666743 and nci concept code c1789. smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. muromonab cd3. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c6460h9946n1720o2043s56, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier jga39ice2v, more generally known as muromonab cd3. european medicines agency schedules muromonab cd3 in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03355mig. the term muromonab cd3 is an international non-proprietary name or inn. see who inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29. smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. natalizumab. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant and antineoplastic monoclonal antibody and multiple sclerosis treatment, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 3jb47n2q2p. the term natalizumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn. european medicines agency schedules natalizumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub22282. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule natalizumab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. as of q4 2014, natalizumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. natalizumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0665297 and nci concept code c77862. smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. omalizumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody with the molecular formula c6450h9916n1714o2023s38, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2p471x1z11, more generally known as omalizumab. european medicines agency schedules omalizumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12543mig. the term omalizumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 15 no. 3-4, 2001, list 46. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule omalizumab under hs 30021091 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, omalizumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. . omalizumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0910794 and nci concept code c29299.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. secukinumab. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier dlg4eml025, generally known as secukinumab. european medicines agency schedules secukinumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub33242. the term secukinumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 24, no. 1, 2010 list 63). most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule secukinumab under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. smiles: none.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. ustekinumab. this classification denotes a monoclonal antibody with the molecular formula c6482h10004n1712o2016s46, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier fu77b4u5z0, more generally known as ustekinumab. european medicines agency schedules ustekinumab in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub27761. the term ustekinumab is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 23, no. 1, 2009, list 61. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ustekinumab under hs 30021020 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, ustekinumab remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. . ustekinumab bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1608841 and nci concept code c84237.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. ramucirumab. a human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (vegfr2) antagonist indicated for the treatment of gastric cancer.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. daratumumab. a cd38-directed cytolytic antibody.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. golimumab. a tumor necrosis factor (tnf) blocker indicated for the treatment of adult patients.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. siltuximab. an interleukin-6 (il-6) antagonist indicated for the treatment of patients with multicentric castlemans disease (mcd) who are human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (hhv-8) negative.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. dinutuximab. a gd2-binding monoclonal antibody indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (gm-csf), interleukin-2 (il-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (ra), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy.. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. polygala fluid extract. used in the treatment of bronchitis, pharyngitis, laryngitis, asthma, emphysema. "
"immunosupressant antibodies. this classification denotes immunoglobulin molecules that bear a specific amino acid sequence by virtue of which they interact exclusively with a related antigen or similar shape that induces their synthesis in lymphoid cells, molecules called antibodies, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant antibodies.. thymalfasin. used in the treatment of b-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia [all] treatment. "
"immunosupressant azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant azoles.. . "
"immunosupressant azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant azoles.. leflunomide. this classification denotes a pyrimidine antagonist and dihydroorotate dehydrogenase inhibitor and angiogenesis activator inhibitor with the molecular formula c12h9f3n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) g162gk9u4w, chemically known as 4-isoxazolecarboxamide, 5-methyl-n-(4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl but more generally known as leflunomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 3899. european medicines agency schedules leflunomide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08424mig. the term leflunomide is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules leflunomide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. leflunomide is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule leflunomide under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, leflunomide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. leflunomide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0718644 and nci concept code c1128. smiles: fc(f)(f)c1ccc(nc(=o)c2c(onc2)c)cc1.. "
"immunosupressant azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant azoles.. mizoribine. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c9h13n3o6, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 4jr41a10vp, chemically known as 1h-imidazole-4-carboxamide, 5-hydroxy-1-.beta.-d-ribofuranosyl- but more generally known as mizoribine, which bears us nih compound identifier 4213. european medicines agency schedules mizoribine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09019mig. the term mizoribine is an international non-proprietary name. mizoribine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule mizoribine under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, mizoribine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. mizoribine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0128608 and nci concept code c66172. smiles: o1c(n2c(o)c(nc2)c(=o)n)c(o)c(o)c1co.. "
"immunosupressant azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant azoles.. procodazole. this classification denotes a biological response modifier with the molecular formula c10h10n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) sg5iu7fd3r, chemically known as propionic acid, 2-(2-benzimidazolyl)- but more generally known as procodazole, which bears us nih compound identifier 65708. european medicines agency schedules procodazole in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10063mig. the term procodazole is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 31, no10, 1977, list 17). procodazole is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule procodazole under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, procodazole remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. procodazole bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1882468 and nci concept code c66472. smiles: c1=cc=c2c(=c1)nc(=n2)ccc(=o)o.. "
"immunosupressant azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant azoles.. procodazole ethyl ester. this classification denotes a biological response modifier c12h14n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 791487l0wh, chemically known as 1h-benzimidazole-2-propanoic acid, ethyl ester, but more generally known as procodazole ethyl ester, which bears us nih compound identifier 228135. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule procodazole ethyl ester under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, procodazole ethyl ester remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: ccoc(=o)ccc1[nh]c2ccccc2n1.. "
"immunosupressant azoles. this classification denotes substances composed of five-membered rings that contain a nitrogen atom, substances called azoles, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant azoles.. procodazole sodium. this classification denotes a biological response modifier c10h9n2o2.na, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 9a8201nx4i, chemically known as 1h-benzimidazole-2-propanoic acid, monosodium salt, but more generally known as procodazole sodium, which bears us nih compound identifier 72710717. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule procodazole sodium under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, procodazole sodium remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: c1ccc2c(c1)[nh]c(n2)ccc(=o)[o-].[na+].. "
"immunosupressant imides. this classification denotes organic substances consisting of two acyl groups bound to nitrogen, substances called imides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant imides.. . "
"immunosupressant imides. this classification denotes organic substances consisting of two acyl groups bound to nitrogen, substances called imides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant imides.. ascomycin. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant and a biological preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier auf4u5nsjk, chemically known as (1r,9s,12s,13r,14s,17r,18e,21s,23s,24r,25s,27r)-17-ethyl-1,14-dihydroxy-12-[(1e)-1-[(1r,3r,4r)-4-hydroxy-3-methoxycyclohexyl]prop-1-en-2-yl]-23,25-dimethoxy-13,19,21,27-tetramethyl-11,28-dioxa-4-azatricyclo[22.3.1.0?,?]octacos-18-ene-2,3,10,16-tetrone but more generally known as ascomycin, which bears us nih compound identifier 5282071. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ascomycin under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. smiles: ccc1c=c(cc(cc(c2c(cc(c(o2)(c(=o)c(=o)n3ccccc3c(=o)oc(c(c(cc1=o)o)c)c(=cc4ccc(c(c4)oc)o)c)o)c)oc)oc)c)c.. "
"immunosupressant imides. this classification denotes organic substances consisting of two acyl groups bound to nitrogen, substances called imides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant imides.. anisperimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c18h39n7o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier d0514p112g. the term anisperimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 3, 2000, list 44). as of q4 2014, anisperimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. anisperimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2698118 and nci concept code c77593. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule anisperimus under hs 29252900 and sitc 51482 (for the most current information on wco designations on anisperimus and salts thereof, please see committee proceedings hsc/53, nc2004b1b ann. o/6, 2014). smiles: c[c@h](ccnccccnc(=o)occ(=o)nccccccnc(=n)n)n.. "
"immunosupressant imides. this classification denotes organic substances consisting of two acyl groups bound to nitrogen, substances called imides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant imides.. everolimus. this classification denotes a mtor inhibitor and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c53h83no14, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 9hw64q8g6g, chemically known as rapamycin, 42-o-(2-hydroxyethyl)- but more generally known as everolimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 6442177. european medicines agency schedules everolimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub02065mig. the term everolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 3, 2000, list 44). world health organization schedules everolimus in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule everolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, everolimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. everolimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0541315 and nci concept code c48387. smiles: o(c1c(oc)cc(cc1)cc(c1oc(=o)c2n(cccc2)c(=o)c(=o)c2(oc(ccc2c)cc(oc)c(=cc=cc=cc(cc(c(=o)c(oc)c(o)c(=cc(c(=o)c1)c)c)c)c)c)o)c)cco.. "
"immunosupressant immunoglobulins. this classification denotes multi-subunit proteins central to human immunity, produced by b lymphocytes from the immunoglobulin genes, substances called immunoglobulins, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant immunoglobulins.. . "
"immunosupressant immunoglobulins. this classification denotes multi-subunit proteins central to human immunity, produced by b lymphocytes from the immunoglobulin genes, substances called immunoglobulins, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant immunoglobulins.. anti-thymocyte globulin. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant.. "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. . "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. pimecrolimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c43h68clno11, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 7kyv510875, chemically known as 15,19-epoxy-3h-pyrido(2,1-c)(1,4)oxaazacyclotricosine-1,7,20,21(4h,23h)-tetrone, 3-(2-(4-chloro-3-methoxycyclohexyl)-1-methylethenyl)-8-ethyl-, 5,6,8,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,24,25,26,26a-hexadecahydro-5,19-dihydroxy-14,16-dimethoxy-4,10,12,18-tetramethyl-, (3s-(3r*(e(1s*,3s*,4r*)),4s*,5r*,8s*,9e,12r*,14r*,15s*,16r*,18s*,19s*,26ar*))- but more generally known as pimecrolimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 6447131. european medicines agency schedules pimecrolimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub16457mig. the term pimecrolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 14, no. 1, 2000, list 43). world health organization schedules pimecrolimus in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pimecrolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, pimecrolimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pimecrolimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1099414 and nci concept code c47671. smiles: clc1c(oc)cc(cc1)/c=c(/c1oc(=o)c2n(c(=o)c(=o)c3(oc(c(oc)cc3c)c(oc)cc(cc(=cc(c(=o)cc(o)c1c)cc)c)c)o)cccc2)c.. "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. ridaforolimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula and that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 48z35kb15k., generally known as pomalidomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 11520894. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ridaforolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. the term ridaforolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 24, no. 1, 2010 list 63). smiles: cc1ccc2cc(c(=cc=cc=cc(cc(c(=o)c(c(c(=cc(c(=o)cc(oc(=o)c3ccccn3c(=o)c(=o)c1(o2)o)c(c)cc4ccc(c(c4)oc)op(=o)(c)c)c)c)o)oc)c)c)c)oc.. "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. sirolimus. this classification denotes a bcar2 gene, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) w36zg6ft64. european medicines agency schedules rapamycin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10537mig. sirolimus generally arises in the molecular formula c51h79no13. the term sirolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 8 no. 3 1994, list 34.) sirolimus is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule sirolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, sirolimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. sirolimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0072980 and nci concept code c1212. smiles: o(c1cc(ccc1o)cc(c1oc(=o)c2n(cccc2)c(=o)c(=o)c2(oc(ccc2c)cc(oc)c(=cc=cc=cc(cc(c(=o)c(oc)c(o)c(=cc(c(=o)c1)c)c)c)c)c)o)c)c.. "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. tacrolimus. this classification denotes a mtor inhibitor and immunosuppressant, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) wm0haq4wnm. european medicines agency schedules tacrolimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10797mig. tacrolimus generally arises in the molecular formula c44h69no12. the term tacrolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 6, no, 3 1992, list 32.) most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tacrolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, tacrolimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tacrolimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0085149 and nci concept code c1311. smiles: o1c2c(oc)cc(c1(o)c(=o)c(=o)n1c(cccc1)c(=o)oc(c(c(o)cc(=o)c(c=c(cc(cc2oc)c)c)cc=c)c)/c(=c/c1cc(oc)c(o)cc1)c)c.. "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. tacrolimus anhydrous. this classification denotes a mtor inhibitor and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c44h69no12, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier y5l2157c4j, chemically known as tacrolimus, anhydrous, but more generally known as tacrolimus anhydrous, which bears us nih compound identifier 6436007. european medicines agency schedules tacrolimus anhydrous or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10797mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule tacrolimus anhydrous under hs 29349990. tacrolimus anhydrous bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0771204 and nci concept code c76066. smiles: c[c@@h]1c[c@@h]([c@@h]2[c@h](c[c@h]([c@@](o2)(c(=o)c(=o)n3cccc[c@h]3c(=o)o[c@@h]([c@@h]([c@h](cc(=o)[c@@h](/c=c(/c1)\\c)cc=c)o)c)/c(=c/[c@@h]4cc[c@h]([c@@h](c4)oc)o)/c)o)c)oc)oc.. "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. umirolimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c55h87no14, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) u36pgf65jh, chemically known as rapamycin, 42-o-(2-ethoxyethyl)- but more generally known as umirolimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 11158972. european medicines agency schedules umirolimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub33179. the term umirolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 25, no. 1, 2011, list 64). as of q4 2014, umirolimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule umirolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. smiles: ccoccoc1ccc(cc1oc)cc(c)c2cc(=o)c(c=c(c(c(c(=o)c(cc(c=cc=cc=c(c(cc3ccc(c(o3)(c(=o)c(=o)n4ccccc4c(=o)o2)o)c)oc)c)c)c)oc)o)c)c.. "
"immunosupressant macrolides. this classification denotes macro-cyclic compounds that form by chain extension of multiple propionates cyclized into 12, 14, or 16-membered lactones, compounds called macrolides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant macrolides.. zotarolimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c52h79n5o12, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) h4gxr80ize, chemically known as (42s)-42-deoxy-42-(1h-tetrazol-1-yl)-rapamycin but more generally known as zotarolimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 9876378. european medicines agency schedules zotarolimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub32090. the term zotarolimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 20, no. 3, 2006, list 56). zotarolimus is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. zotarolimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1700035 and nci concept code c82294. as of q4 2014, zotarolimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule zotarolimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. smiles: cc1ccc2cc(c(=cc=cc=cc(cc(c(=o)c(c(c(=cc(c(=o)cc(oc(=o)c3ccccn3c(=o)c(=o)c1(o2)o)c(c)cc4ccc(c(c4)oc)n5c=nn=n5)c)c)o)oc)c)c)c)oc.. "
"immunosupressant nucleic acids, nucleotides, and nucleosides. this classification denotes a) high-molecular-weight deoxyribose-chained or ribose-chained purine and pyrimidine nucleotide polymers, substances called nucleic acids; b) purine/pyrimidine-based monomeric units, which also contain pentose sugar and phosphate, from whence dna/rna polymers derive their composition, substances called nucleotides; or c) purine or pyrimidine bases bound to a deoxyribose or ribose, substances called nucleosides, all/any of which reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant nucleic acids, nucleotides, and nucleosides.. . "
"immunosupressant nucleic acids, nucleotides, and nucleosides. this classification denotes a) high-molecular-weight deoxyribose-chained or ribose-chained purine and pyrimidine nucleotide polymers, substances called nucleic acids; b) purine/pyrimidine-based monomeric units, which also contain pentose sugar and phosphate, from whence dna/rna polymers derive their composition, substances called nucleotides; or c) purine or pyrimidine bases bound to a deoxyribose or ribose, substances called nucleosides, all/any of which reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant nucleic acids, nucleotides, and nucleosides.. abetimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant, a biological preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) f5y7739g6u. world health organization schedules abetimus in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule abetimus under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, abetimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. for the most current information on wco designations on abetimus and salts thereof, please see committee proceedings hsc/53, nc2004b1b ann. o/6 (2014).. "
"immunosupressant nucleic acids, nucleotides, and nucleosides. this classification denotes a) high-molecular-weight deoxyribose-chained or ribose-chained purine and pyrimidine nucleotide polymers, substances called nucleic acids; b) purine/pyrimidine-based monomeric units, which also contain pentose sugar and phosphate, from whence dna/rna polymers derive their composition, substances called nucleotides; or c) purine or pyrimidine bases bound to a deoxyribose or ribose, substances called nucleosides, all/any of which reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant nucleic acids, nucleotides, and nucleosides.. defibrotide. this classification denotes an immunosuppessant, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 438hcf2x0m, chemically known as sodium salt of a mixture of single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotides derived from bovine lung dna. european medicines agency schedules defibrotide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub01572mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule defibrotide under hs 30012090 and sitc 54162. smiles:. defibrotide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0057257 and nci concept code c1064.. "
"immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates. this classification denotes benzoic acids, esters, or salts containing an amino group bound to carbon 2 or 6 of the benzene ring, substances called ortho-aminobenzoates, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates.. . "
"immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates. this classification denotes benzoic acids, esters, or salts containing an amino group bound to carbon 2 or 6 of the benzene ring, substances called ortho-aminobenzoates, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates.. lobenzarit. this classification denotes an antioxidant with the molecular formula c14h10clno4, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 915ee91p39, chemically known as 4-chlor-2,2-iminodibenzoesaiure but more generally known as lobenzarit, which bears us nih compound identifier 3946. european medicines agency schedules lobenzarit in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08543mig. the term lobenzarit is an international non-proprietary name. lobenzarit is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule lobenzarit under hs 29224995 and sitc 51465. as of q4 2014, lobenzarit remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. lobenzarit bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0065141 and nci concept code c83889. smiles: clc1cc(nc2c(cccc2)c(=o)o)c(cc1)c(=o)o.. "
"immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates. this classification denotes benzoic acids, esters, or salts containing an amino group bound to carbon 2 or 6 of the benzene ring, substances called ortho-aminobenzoates, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates.. lobenzarit disodium. this classification denotes an antioxidant with the molecular formula c14h8clno4.2na, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 7z9sp74bxf, chemically known as benzoic acid, 2-((2-carboxyphenyl)amino)-4-chloro-, disodium salt, but more generally known as lobenzarit disodium, which bears us nih compound identifier 47462. european medicines agency schedules lobenzarit disodium or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08543mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule lobenzarit disodium under hs 29224995. smiles: c1ccc(c(c1)c(=o)[o-])nc2cc(ccc2c(=o)[o-])cl.[na+].[na+].. "
"immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates. this classification denotes benzoic acids, esters, or salts containing an amino group bound to carbon 2 or 6 of the benzene ring, substances called ortho-aminobenzoates, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant ortho-aminobenzoates.. lobenzarit sodium. this classification denotes a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug with the molecular structure c14h8clno4.2na, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier, 7z9sp74bxf chemically known as benzoic acid, 2-((2-carboxyphenyl)amino)-4-chloro-, disodium salt, but more commonly known as lobenzarit sodium, which bears us nih compound identifier 47462. european medicines agency schedules lobenzarit sodium in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub02963mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule lobenzarit sodium under hs 29224995 and sitc 51465. as of q4 2014, lobenzarit sodium remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. lobenzarit sodium bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0126105 and nci concept code c72817. smiles: c1ccc(c(c1)c(=o)[o-])nc2cc(ccc2c(=o)[o-])cl.[na+].[na+].. "
"immunosupressant peptides. this classification denotes compounds consisting of amino acids bound by peptide bonds branched, cyclical, or linear structures, substances called peptides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant peptides.. . "
"immunosupressant peptides. this classification denotes compounds consisting of amino acids bound by peptide bonds branched, cyclical, or linear structures, substances called peptides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant peptides.. ciclosporin or cyclosporine. this classification denotes a multidrug resistance modulator and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c62h111n11o12, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 83hn0gtj6d, chemically known as cyclosporin a, tolypocladium inflatum but more generally known as ciclosporin, which bears us nih compound identifier 5280754. european medicines agency schedules ciclosporin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06250mig. the term ciclosporin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 38, no. 6, 1984, list 24). world health organization schedules ciclosporin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. ciclosporin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. as of q4 2014, cyclosporine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. cyclosporine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0010592 and nci concept code c406. smiles: oc(c1n(c(=o)c(n(c(=o)c(n(c(=o)c(n(c(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(n(c(=o)c(nc(=o)c(n(c(=o)cn(c(=o)c(nc1=o)cc)c)c)cc(c)c)c(c)c)c)cc(c)c)c)c)c)cc(c)c)c)cc(c)c)c)c(c)c)c)c(c/c=c/c)c.. "
"immunosupressant peptides. this classification denotes compounds consisting of amino acids bound by peptide bonds branched, cyclical, or linear structures, substances called peptides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant peptides.. ecallantide. this classification denotes a protease inhibitor, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 5q6tzn2hnm. european medicines agency schedules ecallantide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub31283. ecallantide generally arises in the molecular formula c305h442n88o91s8. the term ecallantide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 20, no. 1, 2006, list 55.) most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ecallantide under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, ecallantide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ecallantide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1722685 and nci concept code c65505. smiles: ccc(c)c1c(=o)nc(c(=o)ncc(=o)ncc(=o)nc2csscc3c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)n4cccc4c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(csscc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(csscc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)ncc(=o)n5cccc5c(=o)n3)cc(=o)o)cc(=o)o)c)ccccn)cc6=cc=cc=c6)c)nc(=o)c(cc7=cc=cc=c7)nc(=o)c(co)nc(=o)c(cc8=cn=cn8)nc(=o)c(ccsc)nc(=o)c(c)nc(=o)c(ccc(=o)o)n)c(=o)nc(c(c)o)c(=o)nc(cccnc(=n)n)c(=o)nc(cc(=o)o)c(=o)o)ccsc)ccccn)ccccn)nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)c(nc(=o)cnc(=o)c(nc2=o)ccc(=o)o)cc(=o)n)ccc(=o)n)cc(=o)n)cccnc(=n)n)cc9=cc=cc=c9)ccc(=o)o)co)cc(c)c)ccc(=o)o)ccc(=o)o)c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)n1)cc1=cc=cc=c1)ccc(=o)o)ccc(=o)o)ccc(=o)n)cccnc(=n)n)c(c)o)cc1=cc=cc=c1)c(c)cc)cc(=o)n)cc1=cc=cc=c1)cc1=cc=cc=c1)cc1=cnc2=cc=cc=c21)cccnc(=n)n)cc1=cn=cn1)c)c)cccnc(=n)n)cc1=cc=c(c=c1)o.. "
"immunosupressant peptides. this classification denotes compounds consisting of amino acids bound by peptide bonds branched, cyclical, or linear structures, substances called peptides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant peptides.. thymocartin. this classification denotes a therapeutic hormone with the molecular formula c21h40n8o7, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) m0h0sk3ad5, chemically known as l-valine, n-(n-(n(sup 2)-l-arginyl-l-lysyl)-l-alpha-aspartyl)- but more generally known as thymocartin, which bears us nih compound identifier 3033954. european medicines agency schedules thymocartin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10991mig. the term thymocartin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29). thymocartin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule thymocartin under hs 29371900 and sitc 54154. as of q4 2014, thymocartin remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. thymocartin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0624592 and nci concept code c90959. smiles: o=c(nc(c(=o)nc(c(c)c)c(=o)o)cc(=o)o)c(nc(=o)c(n)ccc/n=c(/n)n)ccccn.. "
"immunosupressant peptides. this classification denotes compounds consisting of amino acids bound by peptide bonds branched, cyclical, or linear structures, substances called peptides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant peptides.. voclosporin. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c63h111n11o12, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 2pn063x6b1, chemically known as (3s,6s,9s,12r,15s,18s,21s,24s,30s,33s)-30-ethyl-33-[(1r,2r,4e)-1-hydroxy-2-methylhepta-4,6-dienyl]-1,4,7,10,12,15,19,25,28-nonamethyl-6,9,18,24-tetrakis(2-methylpropyl)-3,21-di(propan-2-yl)-1,4,7,10,13,16,19,22,25,28,31-undecazacyclotritriacontane-2,5,8,11,14,17,20,23,26,29,32-undecone but more generally known as voclosporin, which bears us nih compound identifier 6918486. european medicines agency schedules voclosporin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub31127. the term voclosporin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 22, no. 1, 2008, list 59). as of q4 2014, voclosporin remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: ccc1c(=o)n(cc(=o)n(c(c(=o)nc(c(=o)n(c(c(=o)nc(c(=o)nc(c(=o)n(c(c(=o)n(c(c(=o)n(c(c(=o)n(c(c(=o)n1)c(c(c)cc=cc=c)o)c)c(c)c)c)cc(c)c)c)cc(c)c)c)c)c)cc(c)c)c)c(c)c)cc(c)c)c)c.. "
"immunosupressant phenols. this classification denotes benzene derivatives bearing one or more hydroxyl groups, substances called phenols, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phenols.. . "
"immunosupressant phenols. this classification denotes benzene derivatives bearing one or more hydroxyl groups, substances called phenols, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phenols.. mycophenolate mofetil. this classification denotes an inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor and immunosuppressant, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 9242ecw6r0. european medicines agency schedules mycophenolate mofetil in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03360mig. mycophenolate mofetil generally arises in the molecular formula c23h31no7. the term mycophenolate mofetil is a united states adopted name designation. mycophenolate mofetil bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0209368 and nci concept code c1468. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule mycophenolate mofetil under 29419000 and sitc 54139. smiles: cc1=c(c(=c(c2=c1coc2=o)o)cc=c(c)ccc(=o)occn3ccocc3)oc.. "
"immunosupressant phenols. this classification denotes benzene derivatives bearing one or more hydroxyl groups, substances called phenols, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phenols.. mycophenolate mofetil hydrochloride. this classification denotes an inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c23h31no7.clh, a preparation that us fda recognizes as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier uxh81s8zvb, chemically known as 4-hexenoic acid, 6-(1,3-dihydro-4-hydroxy-6-methoxy-7-methyl-3-oxo-5-isobenzofuranyl)-4-methyl-, 2-(4-morpholinyl)ethyl ester, hydrochloride, (e)- but more generally known as mycophenolate mofetil hydrochloride, which bears us nih compound identifier 6441022. european medicines agency schedules mycophenolate mofetil hydrochloride in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub32913. mycophenolate mofetil hydrochloride bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0772450 and nci concept code c61852. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule mycophenolate mofetil hydrochloride under 29419000 and sitc 54139. smiles: cc1=c(c(=c(c2=c1coc2=o)o)cc=c(c)ccc(=o)occn3ccocc3)oc.cl.. "
"immunosupressant phenols. this classification denotes benzene derivatives bearing one or more hydroxyl groups, substances called phenols, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phenols.. mycophenolate or mycophenolic acid. this classification denotes an inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase inhibitor and immunosuppressant, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 9242ecw6r0. european medicines agency schedules mycophenolate mofetil in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub03360mig. mycophenolate mofetil generally arises in the molecular formula c23h31no7. mycophenolate or mycophenolic acid bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0883242 and nci concept code c29272. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule this comodity under hs 29419000 and sitc 54139. smiles: o1ccn(cc1)ccoc(=o)cc/c(=c/cc1c(oc)c(c2c(c1o)c(=o)oc2)c)c.. "
"immunosupressant phenols. this classification denotes benzene derivatives bearing one or more hydroxyl groups, substances called phenols, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phenols.. tazofelone. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c18h27no2s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) vh2i1jn8q1, chemically known as 4-thiazolidinone, 5-((3,5-bis(1,1-dimethylethyl)-4-hydroxyphenyl)methyl)-, (+-)- but more generally known as tazofelone, which bears us nih compound identifier 68745. european medicines agency schedules tazofelone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10850mig. the term tazofelone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 10, no. 3, 1996, list 36). tazofelone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tazofelone under hs 29341000 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, tazofelone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tazofelone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0669581 and nci concept code c76695. smiles: s1c(cc2cc(c(c)(c)c)c(o)c(c(c)(c)c)c2)c(=o)nc1.. "
"immunosupressant phthalimides. this classification denotes imides of phthalic acid(s), substances called phthalimides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phthalimides.. . "
"immunosupressant phthalimides. this classification denotes imides of phthalic acid(s), substances called phthalimides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phthalimides.. lenalidomide. this classification denotes a biological response modifier with the molecular formula c13h13n3o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) f0p408n6v4, chemically known as 2,6-piperidinedione, 3-(4-amino-1,3-dihydro-1-oxo-2h-isoindol-2-yl)- but more generally known as lenalidomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 216326. european medicines agency schedules lenalidomide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub25389. the term lenalidomide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 19, no. 1, 2005, list 53). world health organization schedules lenalidomide in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule lenalidomide under hs 29337900 and sitc 51561. as of q4 2014, lenalidomide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. lenalidomide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1144149 and nci concept code c2668. smiles: o=c1n(c2ccc(=o)nc2=o)cc2c1cccc2n.. "
"immunosupressant phthalimides. this classification denotes imides of phthalic acid(s), substances called phthalimides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phthalimides.. fingolimod. this classification denotes a biological response modifier, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 3qn8byn5qf. european medicines agency schedules fingolimod in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub31908. fingolimod generally arises in the molecular formula c19h33no2. the term fingolimod is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 19, no. 1, 2005, list 53.) most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule fingolimod under hs 29221980 and sitc 51461. as of q4 2014, fingolimod remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. fingolimod bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1699926 and nci concept code c74202. smiles: ccccccccc1=cc=c(c=c1)ccc(co)(co)n.. "
"immunosupressant phthalimides. this classification denotes imides of phthalic acid(s), substances called phthalimides, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant phthalimides.. pomalidomide. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant, a biological preparation with the molecular formula c13h11n3o4 and that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier d2ux06xlb5, chemically known as 4-amino-2-(2,6-dioxo-3-piperidyl)isoindoline-1,3-dione or 4-aminothalidomide but more commonly known as pomalidomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 134780. the term pomalidomide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 22, no. 1, 2008, list 59). european medicines agency schedules pomalidomide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub33379. smiles: c1cc(=o)nc(=o)c1n2c(=o)c3=c(c2=o)c(=cc=c3)n.. "
"immunosupressant purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant purines.. . "
"immunosupressant purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant purines.. azathioprine. this classification denotes a purine antagonist and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c9h6n7o2s.na, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) am94r510ms, chemically known as 6-1-methyl,4-nitro,5-imidazolyl mercaptopurine but more generally known as azathioprine sodium, which bears us nih compound identifier 2265. european medicines agency schedules azathioprine sodium in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub00641mig. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule azathioprine under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, azathioprine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. azathioprine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0004482 and nci concept code c290. smiles: cn1c=nc(=c1sc2=nc=nc3=c2nc=n3)[n+](=o)[o-].. "
"immunosupressant purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant purines.. cladribine. this classification denotes a radiosensitizing agent and purine antagonist with the molecular formula c10h12cln5o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 47m74x9yt5, chemically known as adenosine, 2-chloro-2-deoxy- but more generally known as cladribine, which bears us nih compound identifier 1546. european medicines agency schedules cladribine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06635mig. the term cladribine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 7, no3, 1993, list 33). world health organization schedules cladribine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. cladribine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule cladribine under hs 29349990 and sitc 51579. as of q4 2014, cladribine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. cladribine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0092801 and nci concept code c1336. smiles: c1c(c(oc1n2c=nc3=c2n=c(n=c3n)cl)co)o.. "
"immunosupressant purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant purines.. mercaptopurine. this classification denotes a purine antagonist and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c5h4n4s.h2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) e7wed276i5, chemically known as 1,7-dihydro-6h-purine-6-thione but more generally known as 6-mercaptopurine monohydrate, which bears us nih compound identifier 667490. european medicines agency schedules mercaptopurine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12149mig. world health organization schedules 6-mercaptopurine monohydrate in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule mercaptopurine under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, mercaptopurine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. mercaptopurine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0000618 and nci concept code c195. smiles: c1=nc2=c(n1)c(=s)n=cn2.. "
"immunosupressant purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant purines.. mercaptopurine anhydrous. this classification denotes a purine antagonist and immunosuppressant c5h4n4s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier pkk6muz20g, chemically known as 1,9-dihydro-6h-purine-6-thione, but more generally known as mercaptopurine anhydrous, which bears us nih compound identifier 667490. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule mercaptopurine anhydrous under hs 29335995 and sitc 51576. as of q4 2014, mercaptopurine anhydrous remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. mercaptopurine anhydrous bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1881785 and nci concept code c61832. smiles: c1[nh]c2c(n1)c(=s)[nh]cn2.. "
"immunosupressant purines. this classification denotes heterocyclic pyrimidine-imidazole ring compounds present in many alkaloids and nucleic acids, substances called purines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosupressant purines.. mercaptopurine ribonucleoside. this classification denotes a purine antagonist and immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c10h12n4o4s, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 46s541971t, chemically known as 9h-purine-6(1h)-thione, 9-.beta.-d-ribofuranosyl-, but more generally known as mercaptopurine ribonucleoside, which bears us nih compound identifier 676166. european medicines agency schedules mercaptopurine ribonucleoside or its base in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12149mig. most nations, for tariff purposes, schedule mercaptopurine ribonucleoside under hs 29335995. smiles: c1nc2c(c(n1)s)ncn2[c@h]3[c@@h]([c@@h]([c@h](o3)co)o)o.. "
"immunosupressant aziridines. this classification denotes saturated azacyclopropane compounds, called aziridines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant aziridines.. . "
"immunosupressant aziridines. this classification denotes saturated azacyclopropane compounds, called aziridines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant aziridines.. ciamexon. this classification denotes a biological response modifier with the molecular formula c11h13n3o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 325pg708lf, chemically known as 2-aziridinecarbonitrile, 1-((2-methoxy-6-methyl-3-pyridinyl)methyl)- but more generally known as ciamexon, which bears us nih compound identifier 71759. european medicines agency schedules ciamexon in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub06224mig. the term ciamexon is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 39, no. 5, 1985, list 25). ciamexon is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule ciamexon under hs 29333999 and sitc 51574. as of q4 2014, ciamexon remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. ciamexon bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0109748 and nci concept code c76067. smiles: cc1=nc(=c(c=c1)cn2cc2c#n)oc.. "
"immunosupressant carboxylic acids. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the carboxy group (-cooh), substances called carboxylic acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant carboxylic acids.. . "
"immunosupressant carboxylic acids. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the carboxy group (-cooh), substances called carboxylic acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant carboxylic acids.. bucillamine. this classification denotes an antioxidant with the molecular formula c7h13no3s2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) r80lra5wtf, chemically known as l-cysteine, n-(2-mercapto-2-methyl-1-oxopropyl)- but more generally known as bucillamine, which bears us nih compound identifier 2459. european medicines agency schedules bucillamine in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05944mig. the term bucillamine is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 40, no. 6, 1986, list 26). world health organization schedules bucillamine in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. bucillamine is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule bucillamine under hs 29309016 and sitc 51549. as of q4 2014, bucillamine remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. bucillamine bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0073917 and nci concept code c83561. smiles: sc(c(=o)nc(cs)c(=o)o)(c)c.. "
"immunosupressant carboxylic acids. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the carboxy group (-cooh), substances called carboxylic acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant carboxylic acids.. loxanast. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c14h26o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 746ywk1b07, chemically known as cyclohexanecarboxylic acid, 1-methyl-4-(4-methylpentyl)-, cis- but more generally known as loxanast, which bears us nih compound identifier 68890. european medicines agency schedules loxanast in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub08606mig. the term loxanast is an international non-proprietary name. loxanast is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule loxanast under hs 29162000 and sitc 51379. as of q4 2014, loxanast remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. loxanast bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2825487 and nci concept code c81164. smiles: oc(=o)c1(ccc(cc1)cccc(c)c)c.. "
"immunosupressant carboxylic acids. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the carboxy group (-cooh), substances called carboxylic acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant carboxylic acids.. napirimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 45081sg6xt. european medicines agency schedules napirimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09156mig. napirimus generally arises in the molecular formula c17h13no3. the term napirimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 3, no. 3, 1989, list 29.) napirimus is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule napirimus under hs 29339990 and sitc 51577. as of q4 2014, napirimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. napirimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2698429 and nci concept code c76694. smiles: o=c(c1c2c(ccc1)cccc2)c1cn(c(c1)c(=o)o)c.. "
"immunosupressant carboxylic acids. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the carboxy group (-cooh), substances called carboxylic acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant carboxylic acids.. oxycinchophen. this classification denotes a uricosuric agent and nonnarcotic analgesic with the molecular formula c16h11no3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) uk6392gd5w, chemically known as 4-quinolinecarboxylic acid, 3-hydroxy-2-phenyl- (9ci) but more generally known as oxycinchophen, which bears us nih compound identifier 10239. european medicines agency schedules oxycinchophen in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09559mig. the term oxycinchophen is an international non-proprietary name. world health organization schedules oxycinchophen in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. oxycinchophen is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule oxycinchophen under hs 29334910 and sitc 51575. as of q4 2014, oxycinchophen remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. oxycinchophen bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1882245 and nci concept code c66278. smiles: oc1c(c2c(nc1c1ccccc1)cccc2)c(=o)o.. "
"immunosupressant carboxylic acids. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the carboxy group (-cooh), substances called carboxylic acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant carboxylic acids.. teriflunomide. this classification denotes an enzyme inhibitor with the molecular formula c12h9f3n2o2, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 1c058ikg3b, chemically known as 2-butenamide, 2-cyano-3-hydroxy-n-(4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)- but more generally known as teriflunomide, which bears us nih compound identifier 5479847. european medicines agency schedules teriflunomide in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub25218. the term teriflunomide is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 13 no. 3, 1999, list 42). most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule teriflunomide under hs 29269095 and sitc 51484. as of q4 2014, teriflunomide remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. teriflunomide bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1718383 and nci concept code c76662. smiles: fc(f)(f)c1ccc(nc(=c(\\c(=o)c)c#n)\\o)cc1.. "
"immunosupressant carboxylic acids. this classification denotes organic compounds containing the carboxy group (-cooh), substances called carboxylic acids, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant carboxylic acids.. tresperimus. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c17h37n7o3, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 286f595v8h, chemically known as carbamic acid, (4-((3-aminopropyl)amino)butyl)-, 2-((6-((aminoiminomethyl)amino)hexyl)amino)-2-oxoethyl ester but more generally known as tresperimus, which bears us nih compound identifier 3086680. european medicines agency schedules tresperimus in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub11241mig. the term tresperimus is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 11, no. 11997, list 37). tresperimus is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule tresperimus under hs 29252900 and sitc 51482. as of q4 2014, tresperimus remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. tresperimus bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0528277 and nci concept code c66626. smiles: o(cc(=o)ncccccc/n=c(/n)n)c(=o)nccccncccn.. "
"immunosupressant heavy metals. this classification denotes substances that consist in whole or material part of arsenic, cadmium, chromium, lead, and/or mercury, substances called heavy metals, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant heavy metals.. . "
"immunosupressant heavy metals. this classification denotes substances that consist in whole or material part of arsenic, cadmium, chromium, lead, and/or mercury, substances called heavy metals, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant heavy metals.. gallium nitrate. this classification denotes a malignancy-associated hypercalcemia inhibitor with the molecular formula ga.3no3.9h2o, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier vra0c6810n, chemically known as nitric acid, terbium(3+) salt but more generally known as gallium nitrate, which bears us nih compound identifier 944. european medicines agency schedules gallium nitrate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub13944mig. as of q4 2014, gallium nitrate remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. gallium nitrate bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0061008 and nci concept code c1109. smiles: o[n](=o)o.. "
"immunosupressant immunoconjugates. this classification denotes substances that consist in whole or material part of antigens, immunoglobulins, or monoclonal antibodies that carry (or with which practitioners have infused) with radionuclides, in this case for theraputic purposes - typically to treat cancer, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant immunoconjugates.. . "
"immunosupressant immunoconjugates. this classification denotes substances that consist in whole or material part of antigens, immunoglobulins, or monoclonal antibodies that carry (or with which practitioners have infused) with radionuclides, in this case for theraputic purposes - typically to treat cancer, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant immunoconjugates.. abatacept. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c1965h3080n479o695s16, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 7d0yb67s97, more generally known as abatacept. european medicines agency schedules abatacept in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub20635. the term abatacept is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 19, no. 1, 2005, list 53. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule abatacept under hs 30021095 and sitc 54163 (for the most current information on wco designations on abatacept and salts thereof, please see committee proceedings hsc/37, nc1059b2b ann. o/3, 2006). as of q4 2014, abatacept remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. abatacept bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1619966 and nci concept code c28898.. "
"immunosupressant immunoconjugates. this classification denotes substances that consist in whole or material part of antigens, immunoglobulins, or monoclonal antibodies that carry (or with which practitioners have infused) with radionuclides, in this case for theraputic purposes - typically to treat cancer, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant immunoconjugates.. belatacept. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c3508h5440n922o1096s32, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier e3b2gi648a, more generally known as belatacept. european medicines agency schedules belatacept in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub20603. the term belatacept is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 22, no. 1, 2008, list 59. belatacept is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule belatacept under hs 30021095 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, belatacept remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. . belatacept bears us nlm identifiers umls id c1619962 and nci concept code c80255.. "
"immunosupressant organogold compounds. this classification denotes organic compounds which contain as an integral part of the molecule the metal gold, substances called organo-gold compounds, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant organogold compounds.. . "
"immunosupressant organogold compounds. this classification denotes organic compounds which contain as an integral part of the molecule the metal gold, substances called organo-gold compounds, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant organogold compounds.. auranofin. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c20h34auo9ps, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) 3h04w2810v, chemically known as gold, (2,3,4, 6-tetra-o-acetyl-1-thio-.beta.-d-glucopyranosato-s)(triethylphosph ine)- but more generally known as auranofin, which bears us nih compound identifier 6333901. european medicines agency schedules auranofin in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub05610mig. the term auranofin is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 30, no. 10 1976, list 16). world health organization schedules auranofin in its anatomical therapeutic chemical (atc) classification. auranofin is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule auranofin under hs 28433000 and sitc 52432. as of q4 2014, auranofin remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. auranofin bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0699923 and nci concept code c65242. smiles: [au](sc1oc(c(oc(=o)c)c(oc(=o)c)c1oc(=o)c)coc(=o)c)p(cc)(cc)cc.. "
"immunosupressant organogold compounds. this classification denotes organic compounds which contain as an integral part of the molecule the metal gold, substances called organo-gold compounds, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant organogold compounds.. aurotioprol. this classification denotes an antirheumatic agent with the molecular formula c3h6o4s2.au.na, , a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier g7097j63e9, chemically known as 1-propanesulfonic acid, 2-hydroxy-3-mercapto-, gold complex but more generally known as aurotioprol, which bears us nih compound identifier 44144564. european medicines agency schedules aurotioprol in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub12966mig. as of q4 2014, aurotioprol remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. smiles: c(c(cs(=o)(=o)o)o)s.[na+].[au+].. "
"immunosupressant organogold compounds. this classification denotes organic compounds which contain as an integral part of the molecule the metal gold, substances called organo-gold compounds, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant organogold compounds.. sodium aurothiomalate. this classification denotes a protein kinase c inhibitor, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) e4768zy6gm. european medicines agency schedules sodium aurothiomalate in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub10550mig. sodium aurothiomalate generally arises in the molecular formula c4h6o4sxna. the term sodium aurothiomalate is a european pharmacopoeia designation. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule sodium aurothiomalate under hs 28433000 and sitc 52432. smiles: c(c(c(=o)[o-])[s-])c(=o)[o-].[na+].[na+].[au+].. "
"immunosupressant pyridines. this classification denotes substances that consist of hexahydropyridines, called pyridines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant pyridines.. . "
"immunosupressant pyridines. this classification denotes substances that consist of hexahydropyridines, called pyridines, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant pyridines.. pirfenidone. this classification denotes a radioprotective agent and nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug with the molecular formula c12h11no, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) d7nld2jx7u, chemically known as 2(1h)-pyridone, 5-methyl-1-phenyl- but more generally known as pirfenidone, which bears us nih compound identifier 40632. european medicines agency schedules pirfenidone in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub09907mig. the term pirfenidone is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 29, no. 10 1975, list 15). pirfenidone is scheduled in the u.s. international trade commissions harmonized tariff system (hts) pharmaceutical appendix. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule pirfenidone under hs 29337900 and sitc 51561. as of q4 2014, pirfenidone remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. pirfenidone bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0298067 and nci concept code c2635. smiles: cc1=cn(c(=o)c=c1)c2=cc=cc=c2.. "
"immunosupressant recombinant fusion proteins. this classification denotes substances produced by genetic translation of fused genes formed by the combination of nucleic acid regulatory sequences, substances called recombinant fusion proteins, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant recombinant fusion proteins.. . "
"immunosupressant recombinant fusion proteins. this classification denotes substances produced by genetic translation of fused genes formed by the combination of nucleic acid regulatory sequences, substances called recombinant fusion proteins, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant recombinant fusion proteins.. alefacept. this classification denotes an immunosuppressant with the molecular formula c2306h3594n610o694s26, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier (srs unii) elk3v90g6c, more generally known as alefacept. european medicines agency schedules alefacept in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub20562. the term alefacept is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 15 no. 3-4, 2001, list 46). most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule alefacept under hs 30021095 and sitc 54163 (for the most current information on wco designations on alefacept and salts thereof, please see committee proceedings hsc/37, nc1059b2b ann. o/3, 2006). as of q4 2014, alefacept remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. alefacept bears us nlm identifiers umls id c0962603 and nci concept code c65220. smiles: c1c(=c(n2c(s1)c(c2=o)nc(=o)c(c3=cc=cc=c3)n)c(=o)o)cl.. "
"immunosupressant recombinant fusion proteins. this classification denotes substances produced by genetic translation of fused genes formed by the combination of nucleic acid regulatory sequences, substances called recombinant fusion proteins, that reduce a human hosts humoral and/or cell-mediated defense mechanisms against deviant native cells, foreign organisms, or foreign substances (the human immune response and system thereof), thus the term immunosuppressant recombinant fusion proteins.. rilonacept. this classification denotes a biological response modifier with the molecular formula c9030h13932n2400o2670s74, a preparation that us fda regulates as an active ingredient or moiety under unique ingredient identifier 8k80yb5gmg, more generally known as rilonacept. european medicines agency schedules rilonacept in its extended eudravigilance medicinal product dictionary or xevmpd under index sub28994. the term rilonacept is an international non-proprietary name or inn (see who inn reference publication, volume 21, no. 1, 2007, list 57. most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule rilonacept under hs 30021020 and sitc 54163. smiles:. as of q4 2014, rilonacept remains us fdas preferred term for this commodity. . rilonacept bears us nlm identifiers umls id c2343589 and nci concept code c84137.. "
"veterinary vaccines and virology products. this classification denotes commodities that contain substances with antigenic properties to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, or detection devices and preparations to identify presence of the same, thus the term veterinary vaccines and virology products. such veterinary vaccines and virology products focus on aphthoviruses, arteriviruses, circoviruses, coronaviruses, flaviviruses, herpesviruses, orbiviruses, pestiviruses, retroviruses, rhabdoviruses, toroviruses, and/or orthomyxoviridae, or in other words, veterinary infectious diseases.. . "
"veterinary vaccines and virology products. this classification denotes commodities that contain substances with antigenic properties to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, or detection devices and preparations to identify presence of the same, thus the term veterinary vaccines and virology products. such veterinary vaccines and virology products focus on aphthoviruses, arteriviruses, circoviruses, coronaviruses, flaviviruses, herpesviruses, orbiviruses, pestiviruses, retroviruses, rhabdoviruses, toroviruses, and/or orthomyxoviridae, or in other words, veterinary infectious diseases.. veterinary foot and mouth disease (fmd) vaccines. this classification denotes preparations containing substances with antigenic properties administered to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, of which the current commodities address or prevent infectious aphthae epizooticae, family picornaviridae, genus aphthovirus, also called foot and mouth disease or simply, fmd, thus the term foot and mouth disease (fmd) vaccines. this classification concerns all vaccines designed to address or treat fmd types a, asia 1, c, o, sat 1, sat 2, and sat 3.. "
"veterinary vaccines and virology products. this classification denotes commodities that contain substances with antigenic properties to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, or detection devices and preparations to identify presence of the same, thus the term veterinary vaccines and virology products. such veterinary vaccines and virology products focus on aphthoviruses, arteriviruses, circoviruses, coronaviruses, flaviviruses, herpesviruses, orbiviruses, pestiviruses, retroviruses, rhabdoviruses, toroviruses, and/or orthomyxoviridae, or in other words, veterinary infectious diseases.. veterinary anthrax vaccines. this classification denotes preparations containing substances with antigenic properties administered to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, of which the current commodities address or prevent infectious anthrax, a disease caused by the spore-forming bacteria bacillus anthracis, the same disease that usnlm codifies in mesh uid d000881 and which afflicts hooved animals such as sheep and goats, thus the term anthrax vaccines.. "
"veterinary vaccines and virology products. this classification denotes commodities that contain substances with antigenic properties to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, or detection devices and preparations to identify presence of the same, thus the term veterinary vaccines and virology products. such veterinary vaccines and virology products focus on aphthoviruses, arteriviruses, circoviruses, coronaviruses, flaviviruses, herpesviruses, orbiviruses, pestiviruses, retroviruses, rhabdoviruses, toroviruses, and/or orthomyxoviridae, or in other words, veterinary infectious diseases.. veterinary brucella vaccines. this classification denotes preparations containing substances with antigenic properties administered to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, of which the current commodities address or prevent infectious brucellosis, sometimes also called bangs disease or crimean, gibraltar, malta, maltese, or mediterranean fever, but in common vernacular, brucella, thus the term brucella vaccines.. "
"veterinary vaccines and virology products. this classification denotes commodities that contain substances with antigenic properties to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, or detection devices and preparations to identify presence of the same, thus the term veterinary vaccines and virology products. such veterinary vaccines and virology products focus on aphthoviruses, arteriviruses, circoviruses, coronaviruses, flaviviruses, herpesviruses, orbiviruses, pestiviruses, retroviruses, rhabdoviruses, toroviruses, and/or orthomyxoviridae, or in other words, veterinary infectious diseases.. contagious bovine pleuropneumonia cbpp vaccines. this classification denotes preparations containing substances with antigenic properties administered to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, of which the current commodities address or prevent infectious contagious bovine pleuropneumonia, a respiratory affliction caused by mycoplasma mycoides mycoides bacterium of cattle and closely-related livestock, including buffalo, yaks, and zebu, thus the term contagious bovine pleuropneumonia or cbpp vaccines.. "
"veterinary vaccines and virology products. this classification denotes commodities that contain substances with antigenic properties to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, or detection devices and preparations to identify presence of the same, thus the term veterinary vaccines and virology products. such veterinary vaccines and virology products focus on aphthoviruses, arteriviruses, circoviruses, coronaviruses, flaviviruses, herpesviruses, orbiviruses, pestiviruses, retroviruses, rhabdoviruses, toroviruses, and/or orthomyxoviridae, or in other words, veterinary infectious diseases.. ovine rinderpest or peste des petit ruminants vaccines. this classification denotes preparations containing substances with antigenic properties administered to activate veterinary or non-human immune systems, thereby inducing immune responses, preparations called vaccines, of which the current commodities address or prevent an infectious morbillivirus called ovine rinderpest or peste des petit ruminants that afflicts goats and sheep, thus the term ovine rinderpest or peste des petit ruminants (ppr) vaccines.. "
