"trees and shrubs. . "
"trees and shrubs. olive trees. "
"trees and shrubs. coffee shrubs. "
"trees and shrubs. cocoa trees. "
"trees and shrubs. apple trees. "
"trees and shrubs. peach trees. "
"trees and shrubs. orange trees. "
"trees and shrubs. rhododendron shrubs. "
"trees and shrubs. tea shrubs. "
"trees and shrubs. conifer trees. "
"trees and shrubs. spruce trees. "
"trees and shrubs. pine trees. "
"trees and shrubs. fir trees. "
"trees and shrubs.  palm trees. the commodity refers to any plant of the family palmae. there are upwards of 300 species of palm trees and may be used as a decoration, to provide shade, and to enhance the overall appearance of a landscaping effort.. "
"trees and shrubs.  casuarina tree. type of tree known as casuarina tree. "
"trees and shrubs.  cypress tree. type of tree known as cypress tree. "
"trees and shrubs.  eucalyptus tree. type of tree known as eucalyptus tree. "
"trees and shrubs.  quinoa tree. type of tree known as quinoa tree. "
"trees and shrubs.  magnolia tree. type of tree known as magnolia tree. "
"trees and shrubs.  mioporo bush. type of shrub known as mioporo bush. "
"trees and shrubs.  acalypha bush. type of shrub known as acalypha bush. "
"trees and shrubs.  tecomaria capensis or cape honeysuckle bush. type of shrub known as tecomaria capensis bush. "
"trees and shrubs.  croton bolaina bush. type of shrub known as croton bolaina bush. "
"trees and shrubs.  abutilon bush. type of shrub known as abutilon. "
"trees and shrubs.  ficus or fig bush. type of shrub known as ficus bush. "
"trees and shrubs.  eggfruit tree. tree that yields the fruit known as eggfruit. "
"trees and shrubs.  avocado tree. tree that yields the fruit known as avocado. "
"trees and shrubs.  guanabanillo tree. tree that yields the fruit known as guanabanillo. "
"trees and shrubs.  star fruit tree. tree that yields the fruit known as star fruit. "
"trees and shrubs.  plum tree. tree that yields the fruit known as plum. "
"trees and shrubs.  quince tree. tree that yields the fruit known as quince. "
"trees and shrubs.  wingleaf soapberry tree. small to medium size tree of the sapindaceae family, sapindus saponaria.  it is found in america. the fruits are round berries of 15 mm diameter, lustrous brown color.  they have a sticky pulp and a seed of 1 cm diameter, round and black. both the pulp and the seed are poisonous.. "
"trees and shrubs.  tornillo tree. tree species from the leguminous family -fabaceae. it is currently used in floors, house structures, frameworks, beams, indoor carpentry, craftwork and in the manufacturing of doors, windows and carriages. "
"trees and shrubs.  umari tree. tree producing the fruit known as umari. the ripened fruit is edible, has a good taste and a strong characteristic smell. "
"trees and shrubs.  tara tree. tree with simple or composed alternate leaves, pinnate or bi-pinnate. panicle flower seeds or in spikes. vegetable fruit. "
"trees and shrubs.  sauce lloron tree. tree from the salicaceae family. it is native to east asia, with thin, flexible, large, hanging branches reaching almost to the ground. its trunk has a fissured bark. it has linear-lanceolated leaves.. "
"trees and shrubs.  sauce criollo tree. dioecious deciduous tree of the salicaceae family. it reaches a height of 25 m and its foliage is light green with hanging little branches. it has simple leaves and its fruit is a light brown capsule with many cottony seeds inside.. "
"trees and shrubs.  royal poinciana tree. tree of the fabaceae family.  it is one of the most colorful trees in the world.  it is native to the west malagasy forest in madagascar, where it is at risk of extinction. it has red and orange flowers and shiny green foliage.. "
"trees and shrubs.  papelillo or copal blanco or bursera odorata tree. tree from the bursera family and genus. genus considered as succulent for its capacity to store liquid in trunk and branches. "
"trees and shrubs.  palo rosa tree. tree of the apocynaceae family.  the wood is dark pink.  tree can grow to height of 42 m -as found in jungles of misiones in argentina.  found in meridional brazil, paraguay and the northeast of argentina. "
"trees and shrubs.  molle serrano tree. tree of the anacardiaceae family, with small yellowish white flowers and red fruit of one seed that has a doughy and sweet texture. "
"trees and shrubs.  molle costeno tree. tree from the anacardiaceae family. native to brazil and extended to all tropical and sub-tropical areas of the americas, with smallflowers and red bunches with turpentine smell. "
"trees and shrubs.  moena amarilla tree. lauraceae family. medium-size trees, light brown external bark and cream internal bark, with rapid oxidation to ferruginous, aromatic smell, oblong-elyptical leaves, when fresh terminal branches are blackish to whitish. "
"trees and shrubs.  moena alcanfor or canela moena tree. tree from the lauraceae family. medium to big size tree, branches that have creamy mottling in big areas.  internal pale pink bark with a cinammon-like smell.. "
"trees and shrubs.  mimosa tree. coniferous tree, species acacia longifolia, of extended size, from the mimosaceae family -leguminosae. it produces thick yellow-golden axillary spikes.. "
"trees and shrubs.  marupa tree. tree of the simaroubaceae family. it is found in high areas in well-drained sandy soils, in very wet forest formations. creamy yellowish internal bark, with whitish veins, sandy texture and very sour taste from where its generic name comes from.. "
"trees and shrubs.  macambo tree. tree of the sterculiaceae family. this rapid-growth tree has a small section and can be combined with several tree species.  it is preferably found in alluvial soils and tollerates minimum floods. the pulp and seeds of this big fruit are very popular as food. seeds are used in soups, fried or as snack.. "
"trees and shrubs.  jacaranda tree. tree of the bignoniaceae family.  it grows in low elevations in wet climates.  it has very bright purple tubular leaves and its fruit has the shape of castanets. "
"trees and shrubs.  huayruro tree. tree of the species ormosia coccinea of the leguminous family.  it reaches a height of 30 m and produces beautiful red seeds with a with dot covering a third of its surface.  these seeds are used in jewelry and other decorations. they are poisonous if eaten.. "
"trees and shrubs.  grevilia tree. tree from the proteaceae family. it grows rapidly and is used for fencing.. "
"trees and shrubs.  floripondio bush. bush from the solanaceae family.  reaches a height of 5 m and has oval leaves with asymetrical limbs at the base.  it blooms from summer to autumn producing white aromatic flowers of 3 cm, that can have double petals.. "
"trees and shrubs.  erica bush. tree of the ericaceae family. it has whitish, hairy little branches, with leaves grouped into verticils of 1 or 2. flowers producing large quantities of flowers.  its root wood , with a bulb shape, is widely used in pipe manufacturing.. "
"trees and shrubs.  cumala tree. tree of the myristicaceae family.  reaches a height of 35 m.  corrugated trunk at the base. "
"trees and shrubs.  copoazu tree. tree of the malvaceae family. originally from eastern amazon, it is a sort of amazon white cocoa.  its natural habitat is the tropical rainforest in non flooding highlands. "
"trees and shrubs.  coral tree. tree of the fabaceae or leguminosae family.  it is a tree that reaches a height of 3,5 to 7.18 m, with thorny branches. "
"trees and shrubs.  cocona bush. bush of the species, solanum sessiliflorum of the solanaceae family, a species native to tropical america.  its fruit has a nutritional value beneficial for human consumption.  the juice volume is 36 cm, the pulp and mucilage of ripened fruit are edible and are used in juice preparation. "
"trees and shrubs.  chilean alamo tree. tree of the species, popullus nigra of the salicaceae family. typical of chiles rural landscape, it has a colorful attraction in yellow tones during the autumn.  its trunk is grey, therefore its name and fruits are covered with cotton. "
"trees and shrubs.  chestnut tree. tree of the fagaceae family.  around 20-30 meters in height with a trunk measuring 2 m in diameter.  produces brownish color chestnuts. "
"trees and shrubs.  ceder or cedro colorado tree. tree of the meliaceae family. straight trunk tree that reaches a height of 40 m, big crown, elongated, thick, rough and corrugated bark, with deep grooves in dark brown or grey.. "
"trees and shrubs.  cedrela tree. perennial or deciduous tree during the dry season, from the meliaceae family.  its wood is valued for its smell, structure and color. the cedrela odorata of antilles is used in the preparation of havana cigars. "
"trees and shrubs.  capirona tree. tree of the rubiaceae family. the capirona is a wild tree and is up to 30 m of height, characteristic of wet and tropical areas. it has several medicinal properties including its bark that is used as an infusion for eye infections, diabetes and ovaric illnesses.  it is also used in cataplasms for being an optimum cicatrizant and antimicotic. "
"trees and shrubs.  caoba tree. medium to big size tree that can reach more than 25 meters of height and up to two meters diameter. the heart is a deep red or brown color that created the term caoba color. "
"trees and shrubs.  calistemo bush. tree of the myrtaceae family reaching 6-7 m high.  flexible and hanging branches.  red flowers grouped in thick spikes of 7 cm approximately.  fruit in globe-shaped capsule, woody, inserted in the calyx tube of 6 mm diameter approximately.. "
"trees and shrubs.  aroma tree. mimosaceae family tree, usually known as aroma or huisache. it has multiple stems characterized by a expanded and dense crown, thorny branches and fragrant flowers.. "
"trees and shrubs.  araucaria tree. from the araucariaceae family. coniferous tree that may reach a height of 70 m, although in cultivation it usually does not reach these heights. it can be placed in a pot and be cultivated indoors as a small tree. "
"trees and shrubs.  anallu caspi tree. tree species known as anallu caspi tree, cordia ucayalensis. "
"trees and shrubs.  albizia tree. fabaceae family. deciduous tree reaching a height of 5 m, with a wide crown and arched branches. the fruit is a brown pod which is also a vegetable. "
"trees and shrubs.  alamo carolino tree. deciduous tree with more than 20 m of height of the salicaceae family. heart-shaped young leaves, scarcely acuminated. for ornamental use, forest repair, industry. "
"trees and shrubs.  cardenal tree. known as china rose. it is a coniferous tree from the malvaceae family originally from east asia. flowers are big, red, strong and usually lack smell.. "
"trees and shrubs.  chiflera tree. tree from the araliaceae family.  it has medium green composed leaves in groups of seven leaves. it usually has multiple trunks and flowers grow in the upper part of the tree. "
"trees and shrubs.  cherry sapling. sapling from the rosaceae family.. "
"trees and shrubs.  cranberry sapling. sapling from the ericaceae family.. "
"trees and shrubs.  pomegranate sapling. lythraceae family sapling.. "
"trees and shrubs.  grenadilla sapling. sapling from the passifloraceae family.. "
"trees and shrubs.  papaya sapling. sapling from the caricaceae family.. "
"trees and shrubs.  shihuahuaco tree. a tree of the fabaceae family which can reach 50 meters in height, dipteryx micrantha scientific name, known as cumaru, charapilla, cumaru ferro, kumarut. "
"trees and shrubs.  murraya shrub. bush belongs to the rutaceae family, it can grow until become a small tree, it has an ornamental use due to its white and fragrant flowers. common name: india azahar, jasmine azahar , orange jasmine, naranjo jasmine, lemongrass, murallera, mirto criollo , boj of persia.. "
"trees and shrubs.  hibiscus tiliaceus. an evergreen bush or small tree that reaches 4-5 m in height cultivation. it belongs to the malvaceae family, native to the old world tropics. common names: sea hibiscus, beach hibiscus, green cottonwood, native hibiscus, native rosella, kurrajong, sea rosemallow, norfolk hibiscus, hau and purau.. "
"trees and shrubs.  chirimoya tree. a tree that belongs to the annonaceae family. its fruit is called custard apple or cherimoya and is edible. it grows in dry climates.. "
"trees and shrubs.  lemon verbena plant. a plant belonging to the verbenaceae family. it is a woody shrub that can grow between 1.50 and 2.50 meters high and is characterized by its lemon-like scent. it is native to south america, where it grows wild. common names: cidr\u00f3n, maria luisa, lemon verbena, verbena de las indias, luisa.. "
"trees and shrubs.  algarrobo tree. tree of the legume family, known as pale carob, kiawe, huarango, mesquite or carob.. "
"trees and shrubs.  neem tree. this tree belongs to the meliaceae family, native of india and burma, which only lives in tropical and subtropical regions. commonly called nim, neem, neem or indian lilac.. "
"trees and shrubs.  guayaba tree. it is a small tree of the myrtaceae family. its fruit is guava or apple guava. "
"trees and shrubs.  lime tree. it is a species of the rutaceae family. it is of the citrus type e.g. its fruit is lime; also known as key lime.. "
"trees and shrubs.  pear tree. european pear or common pear tree, a deciduous tree type of the rosaceaefamily. its fruit is pear.. "
"trees and shrubs.  ponciana tree. tree of the fabaceae family. it is one of the most colorful trees in the world with orange red flowers and bright green foliage. also known as malinche, flamboyant, flame tree or flamboyant.. "
"trees and shrubs.  african tulip tree. tree of the bignoniaceae family. the only species is spathodea, known as the african tulip tree the fountain, flame-the-forest, called nandi, poppy, santo domingo mahogany, cockerel and tulipier du gabon.. "
"trees and shrubs.  cinnamon tree. tree of the rosaceae family, it can measure between 10 to 15 meters high, from sri lanka. its is used as powder or species. known as cinnamus.. "
"floral plants. . "
"floral plants. poinsettias plants. "
"floral plants. azaleas plants. "
"floral plants. cactus plants. "
"floral plants.  purple ageratum. genus of 40 to 60 tropical american herbs, whose fluffy flowers are purple.. "
"floral plants.  acalypha picta plant. flower plant known as acalipha picta. "
"floral plants.  african daisy plant. plant from the verbenaceae family. flowers are numerous and small with purple to blue colors. on the outside, flowers can be white, pink, purple with the back side a darker tonality.. "
"floral plants.  african rose plant. flower plant known as african rose. "
"floral plants.  agapanto plant. plant of the liliaceae family.  spectacular flowers of intense blue or white color grouped in umbels of 20-30 flowers.. "
"floral plants.  aglaonema plant. flowering plant from the araceae family. flowers are white or greenish white spadixes that may produce red berries.. "
"floral plants.  alamanda plant. botanical species of the allamanda genus in the apocynaceae family.. "
"floral plants.  allysum or aliso plant. a member of the cruciferous family.  it has fragrant flowers joined in simple bunches with white petals.. "
"floral plants.  alubia plant. a species of plant from the fabaceae family commonly known as green bean according to the different regions in which they locate. "
"floral plants.  balsam or impatiens balsamina plant. plant from the balsaminaceae family. its axillary flowers are diversely colored, frequently red or white.. "
"floral plants.  begonia plant. plant from the begoniaceae family. flowers grouped in axillary tops of red, pink and white color.. "
"floral plants.  chlorophyte plant. plant from the agavaceae family. "
"floral plants.  cineraria blanca plant. flowering plant from the asteraceae family.. "
"floral plants.  copa de oro plant. plant from the papaveraceae family. it is used as an ornament since in summer it offers numerous shiny orange flowers, although it must be in the sun.. "
"floral plants.  coprosona plant. plant from the rubiaceae family. it produces a non ornamental flower since they are very small, insignificant, greenish white that appear in spring to later transform in small spherical fruits of yellow, orange color and sometimes even red.. "
"floral plants.  coreopsis plant. flowering plant from the asteraceae family. flowers are 3-5 cm diameter with a yellow central disc just as the external ligules appearing in a number of 6-10 or more.. "
"floral plants.  crosanda plant. plant from the acantaceae family. it has grouped flowers to form a terminal spike with four angles, it has an orangish yellow or pink color. "
"floral plants.  cyclamen plant. plant species from the primulaceae family. it is a small plant with bulbous root and shiny and fragrant flowers. "
"floral plants.  eucaris plant. plant species monocotyledon from the amaryllidaceae family. it has big, white and brilliant flowers.. "
"floral plants.  galan de noche plant. plant from the solanaceae family. "
"floral plants.  gardenia plant. widely known as gardenia or cape jasmine, this plant belongs to the rubiaceae family.  it has white flowers that change tonality from white to yellow as withering occurs. extraordinarily fragant.. "
"floral plants.  gazania plant. herbaceous plant from the asteraceae family. it produces yellow or orange flower heads at the beginning of summer.. "
"floral plants.  gerebra plant. ornamental plant of the asteraceae sunflower family. labiated flowers in yellow, orange, white, pink or red. "
"floral plants.  sacha garlic plant. a plant from the bignoniaceae family. it has medicinal properties.. "
"floral plants.  hemerocalis plant. herbaceous, perennial and rhizomatic plant of the xanthorrhoeaceae family containing around 15 species originally from asia.. "
"floral plants.  hortensia plant. plant from the hydrangeaceae family. green flowers at the beginning and pinkish or blue flowers later, gathered in big terminal corymbs. "
"floral plants.  isabelita or dogbane plant. plant from the apocynaceae family. has alternated oblong leaves, pink or white color flowers. it grows ornamentally in several tropical and sub-tropical countries and in industrial scale in madagascar and indonesia.. "
"floral plants.  jasmine plant. flowering plant from the oleaceae family.  commonly has white flowers - although some species are yellow - they usually have a sweet and intense fragrance.. "
"floral plants.  lantana plant. the lantana is a plant genus from the verbenaceae family with yellow flowers.. "
"floral plants.  laurel rose plant. a single species belonging to the nerium genus in the apocynaceae family.  bush plant, perennial and lanceolated leaves with intense green color and pink flowers. "
"floral plants.  machiques de pina plant. perennial plant of the bromeliaceae family, native of south america. this short length species with hard and lanceolated leaves of up to 1 meter long is fruitful every three years producing a single fragrant and sweet fruit. "
"floral plants.  madre selva plant. plant of the caprifoliaceae family. red flowers with terminal yellow lobes that exhale a delicate fragrance, intense by night.. "
"floral plants.  mirto plant. plant of the myrtaceae family, native of southeast europe and north africa. white flowers in axillary peduncles, 1-2 cm wide, very fragrant.. "
"floral plants.  moco de pavo plant. plant from the euphorbiaceae family, cultivated for its beautiful and small flowers with light red color that in summer hang in pendulum spikes.. "
"floral plants.  dogo or figwort plant. plant from the scrophulariaceae family. origin is mediterranean basin. "
"floral plants.  oleander plant. plant, species nerium oleander, from the lauraceae family.  has small, yellowish flowers without ornamental interest. "
"floral plants.  patiquina plant. tropical plant genus in the araceae family, characteristics by their patterned leaves.. "
"floral plants.  pensamiento plant. plant from the violet genus, violaceae family. five-petal flowers are flat. they offer a wide range of colors and combinations. it flourishes in summer, autumn and spring. abundant blooming.. "
"floral plants.  petunia plant. plant from the solanaceae family.  flowers can have any color except orange, they are classified as odorless although the plant exhales a pleasant smell and varied species exist.. "
"floral plants.  portulaca plant. flowering plant from the potulacaceae family, with yellow petals.. "
"floral plants.  primula plant. plant from the primulaceae family. its six-petal flowers grow in the center formed by the foliage and have different sizes and tonalities: p\u00ecnk, violet, red or yellow.. "
"floral plants.  verbena plant. plant from the verbenaceae family. flowers are white-lilac to violet colors and are grouped in terminal heads which when mature are elongated forming spikes.. "
"floral plants.  sugar cane plant. plant from the gramineae, poaceae family. the juice of its staulk is a primary source of sugar.. "
"floral plants.  wedelia plant. herbaceous plant from the asteraceae family. it is a yellow flower very similar to a daisy of about 2.5 cm wide.. "
"floral plants.  ixora coccinea plant. this is a small shrub, part of the rubiaceae plant family, with numerous small flowers, native to southern india and sri lanka. also known as the jungle geranium, flame of the woods, coralito, maltese cross and flame of jungle. "
"floral plants.  pilea microphylla plant. living plant that belongs to the urticaceae family.  it is a small herb with small, succulent leaves opposite and very small unisexual flowers. known as lentejita, lentil garrapatita, butterfly palm, northern artillery. "
"floral plants.  salvia splendens plant. living plant belonging to the family labiatae, native to brazil.  its flowers appear in erect spikes from the center of the plant in groups of 2-6 in each leaf node, bright red, tubular or campanular. known as red sage, scarlet sage, flag. "
"floral plants.  correhuela mayor plant. a plant that belongs to the convolvulaceae family. it is a perennial plant that reaches 5 feet long with climbing stems. common names: snowdrop or fences, fences bindweed, ivy hood, dairy grass, more voluble, santa, lady, creeper with ears, vine water spinner tip dart, rope trees.. "
"floral plants.  espada amazonica plant. aquatic plant native to the amazon. it is grown for freshwater aquariums.. "
"floral plants.  loche pumpkin plant. a creeping and annual climbing plant of the cucurbitaceae family that is native to central and south america. it is used in cooking. common names: pumpkins, squash, zucchini, anco squash, butternut, coreanito.. "
"floral plants.  aubergine plant. a plant belonging to the solanaceae family. it is a plant of warm or temperate climates and is very sensitive to cold. it needs a period of warm growth in order to produce a good harvest and optimal flavor.. "
"floral plants.  panca chili plant. plant that belongs to the capsicum chinense species from south america. its ripe fruit has a dark red to chocolaty color . it is less spicy but more intense in color. it is the second most used chili in the peruvian gastronomy.. "
"floral plants.  rocoto plant. plant of the capsicum genre. its fruit is used as a spicy condiment in latin american cooking, especially in bolivia and peru, its color can vary from red, green, orange or yellow and the plant is sold in its natural state in mexican markets and as a paste or powder in bolivia and peru.. "
"floral plants.  gloxinia plant. plant from the gesneriaceae family. there are about 65 species of tuberous perennial herbaceous plants, all from central and south america, with the highest concentration in southern brazil.. "
"floral plants.  money plant. plant of the lamiaceae family. some species are grown as ornamental plants such as leafy vegetables, they can be edible and even used as medicinal plants, also known as a million dollar plant.. "
"floral plants.  purple heart plant. plant of the commelinaceae family, which makes up about 30 species of herbaceous and plants perennial from tropical america. it is also known as purpurina or tradescantia purpurea.. "
"floral plants.  serpentine plant. plant of the asparagaceae family, native of japan. they are used as ornamental plants in temperate regions for its evergreen foliage and is grown in the shade of the garden.. "
"non flowering plants. . "
"non flowering plants. ferns. "
"non flowering plants. ivies. "
"non flowering plants. philodendrons. "
"non flowering plants. lichens. "
"non flowering plants.  grape plant. plant whose fruits are used in the preparation of wine.. "
"non flowering plants.  aloe vera plant. asphodelaceae family succulent plant genus. fleshy and thick leaves that come out from a short stem.  in some species is a very large and even ramified. colors vary from gray to bright green and sometimes are striped or speckled.. "
"non flowering plants.  calahuala plant. polypodiaceae family plant is an epiphyte by excellence, this means that it does not grow in soil.  rather, it grows on bark and branches of trees and other plants or in rocks. "
"non flowering plants.  climbing ivy plant. climbing and creeping plant, persistent leaves, araliaceae family.. "
"non flowering plants.  cissus plant. woody vine liana genus of the vine family, vitaceae. it is a hanging plant characterized by the shape of its leaves and its intense green color. "
"non flowering plants.  coleus limon plant. ornamental plant easy to cultivate and of rapid growth that belongs to the lamiaceae family. the leaves stand out due to the difference of pigments inside them.  some areas of the leaves may totally lack chlorophyll. "
"non flowering plants.  costilla de adan plant. vine perennial plant of the araceae family. it has a thick stem and reaches a length of 20 m.  it has big, shiny, roped, leathery leaves of 20 to 90 cm long x 20 to 80 cm wide. "
"non flowering plants.  dumbcane plant. plant of the araceae family, notable for its characteristic clear spots on their leaves.. "
"non flowering plants.  diverse agave plant. ornamental plant of the agavaceae family.  notable for its dark green leaves with cranberry and yellowish borders.. "
"non flowering plants.  croto plant. plant of the euphorbiaceae family genus. its leaves are shiny and can be veined, big, narrow or with a laced form of different colors from yellow to all the red color range.. "
"non flowering plants.  dracena plant. plant of the asparagaceae family.  it is a bush with one or several trunks of slow growth that may eventually reach 5 m high.  its leaves are linear to lanceolated.. "
"non flowering plants.  falsa hiedra plant. araliaceae family plant. persistent, coriaceae leaves with complete borders and intense green color.. "
"non flowering plants.  ichu plant. plant from the poaceae family.  native to the south american andean highlands and areas in mexico and guatemala.  used as forage for livestock.. "
"non flowering plants.  iresine herbstii plant. plant from the amaranthaceae family.  has several red elongated stems and is cultivated for its forage value. persistent foliage with purple leaves.. "
"non flowering plants.  elephant ear or oreja de elefante plant. plant of the araceae family.. "
"non flowering plants.  mijo plant. plant from the poaceae family. cultivated as cereal in arid areas of africa and asia, it reaches a height of 30 to 90 cm, it ends in a bunch of 5 to 7 spikes similar to a hand or claw fingers. "
"non flowering plants.  papyrus plant. marsh plant of the cyperus genus, cyperaceae family.  long, thin, firm jade-color leaves with brown spikes of 10 to 30 cm long.. "
"non flowering plants.  rhapsis plant. plant of the arecaceae family.  it has grouped stems and is covered with persistent pods and fibrous pods.. "
"non flowering plants.  rhoeo plant. herbaceous plant from the commelinaceae family. it has lanceolated and linear leaves about 30 cm long and 7 cm wide that are green on top and purple on the underside.. "
"non flowering plants.  sanguinaria roja plant. plant of the oleaceae family. it has white flowers - although some species are yellow - and has a sweet and intense fragrance.. "
"non flowering plants.  stevia rebaudiana plant. plant of the asteraceae family. its leaves, lanceolated or elliptical and dented, are alternate, simple, bright dark green and rough surface, sometimes hairy of up to 5 cm long and 2 cm wide.. "
"non flowering plants.  mandioc plant. a plant belonging to the euphorbiaceae family. it is native to and cultivated extensively in south america and the pacific and is known for its starchy root of high food value. also known as cassava, guacamota, cassava or casabe.. "
"non flowering plants.  oregano plant. plant that belongs to the lamiaceae (labiatae) family. it grows spontaneously in sunny and arid areas up to 2000 m above sea level and is cultivated as an aromatic plant due to its therapeutic properties.. "
"non flowering plants.  mint plant. a plant that belongs to the lamiaceae (ex labiatae ) family. it is among the most widely aromatic herbs and is appreciated for its characteristic refreshing scent. it is used in gastronomy, food production such as candy, shaving lotions, oral products, perfumes, pharmaceuticals, etc.. "
"non flowering plants.  rosemary plant. rosemary is an aromatic shrub, woody, evergreen, that belongs to the labiatae family. it is used in cooking and in natural and cosmetics medicine.. "
"non flowering plants.  celery plant. plant that belongs to the apiaceae family. thrives in cold seasons and is recognized for its abundance of aromatic substances. it is used in cooking and natural medicine.. "
"non flowering plants.  parsley plant. native plant of the mediterranean area that belongs to the apiaceae family and is grown for its aromatic leaves. the stems are usually upright. the leaves, long petioles in most varieties, are straight or curly, very divided and aromatic.. "
"non flowering plants.  huacatay plant. a plant belonging to the asteraceae family. it can reach up to 50 cm tall and has lanceolate and toothed leaves and a strong odor. it grows on the coast, highlands and amazon of peru, in the yungas and high valleys of bolivia, in the andean valleys of ecuador and has been introduced into mexico, united states, australia, asia and africa. it is used as a condiment in food. common name: wacataya, tzintzo or ashna weed, kawunyira.. "
"non flowering plants.  spearmint plant. plant that belongs to the labiatae family. it grows easily in damp and shady areas. it has the same components as peppermint and is used as a condiment. also used medicinally, it is a stimulant, astringent and digestive. also known as sandalwood.. "
"non flowering plants.  beet plant. plant from the chenopodioideae family, commonly known as beets, beterrada, beets, white chard, beteraba and betarava. it is used as food and in the sugar industry.. "
"non flowering plants.  leek plant. plant of the lily family. it is a biennial plant native from europe and western asia which is grown for its leaves, flowers and edible bulb. common names: puerro, porro, ajo porro, ajoporro, leek or large onion.. "
"dried floral products. . "
"dried floral products. dried pods. "
"dried floral products. dried leafy greenery. "
"dried floral products. dried fern greenery. "
"dried floral products. dried twigs or sticks. "
"dried floral products. dried grass plumes. "
"dried floral products. dried pressed flowers. "
"dried floral products. dried flower petals. "
