"faith healers. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a faith based healing service. . "
"faith healers. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a faith based healing service. witch doctors or voodoo services. in this classification, this commodity consists of comprehensive services required to be a witch doctor or voodoo. "
"faith healers. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a faith based healing service. faith healer services. in this classification, this commodity consists of comprehensive services required to be a faith healing service. "
"faith healers. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a faith based healing service. shamans. in this classification, this commodity consists of comprehensive services required to be a shaman service. "
"faith healers. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a faith based healing service. energy healing work. in this classification, this commodity consists of comprehensive services required to be an energy based healing service. "
"herbal treatments. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be an herbal treatment based medical service. . "
"herbal treatments. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be an herbal treatment based medical service. herbal medicine or herbalists services. in this classification, this commodity consists of comprehensive services required to be an herbal medicine or herbalist service. "
"herbal treatments. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be an herbal treatment based medical service. algae or sea weed medical cures. in this classification, this commodity consists of comprehensive services required to be an algae or sea weed medical cure service. "
"herbal treatments. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be an herbal treatment based medical service. hot springs cure services. in this classification, this commodity consists of comprehensive services required to be a hot springs cure service. "
"homeopathic practice. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a homeopathic medical practice. . "
"homeopathic practice. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a homeopathic medical practice. initial diagnostic assessment. in this classification, this commodity consists of activities required to provide an initial medical diagnostic assessment. "
"homeopathic practice. in this classification, this class is composed of those who provide the breadth and depth of services to be a homeopathic medical practice. remedy consultations. in this classification, this commodity consists of activities required to provide a homeopathic remedy consultation. "
