"cutting and crimping and punching tools. . "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. knife blades. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. razor knives. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. utility knives. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. pocket knives. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. punches or nail sets or drifts. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. shears. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. metal cutters. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. saws. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. augers. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. stripping tools. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. wire cutters. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. bolt cutters. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. hose cutter. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. glass cutters. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. hand or push drill. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. punching pliers. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. knife blade sets or dispensers. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. wire lug crimping tool. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. tinners snips. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. nut splitters. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools. nibblers. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  flaring tool. a plumbing tool used to widen the end diameter of a tube according to different diameter measures.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  glass scraper. a tool comprised of two joined plates that may be either plastic or metallic, containing a rough metal blade between them that is located in the upper extreme in order to remove deposits on a glass surface.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  rivet cutter. a tool specially designed for removing rivet heads in order to undo a union between surfaces by extracting the inside rod.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  pincers. a tool having a pair of jaws and handles pivoted together to work in opposition which can either grasp or cut. aliases: carpenter pincers, bricklayer pincers.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  deburring tool. a hand tool used to smooth out rough areas or surface irregularities on metal or other material. comprised of a handle containing an elongated bar similar to a bit attached to a blade or cutting disc.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  wad punch. iron and steel tool with hollow sharpened mouth\u00a0designed to punch out or cut holes in a material.\u00a0 comes in\u00a0awl form as a single punch or in revolving punch pliers comprised of multiple punchs of different diameters.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  insulated scissors. a type of scissors that does not allow electric current (typically 1000 volts ac and 1500 volts dc) to pass through it. usually made of alloyed steel (vanadium and molybdenum).. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  fishmonger scissors. a type of scissors consisting of two plastic covered blades having on one side a desquamate surface designed to remove fish scales.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  hair scissors. a cutting implement consisting of two steel blades joined by a swivel pin that allows the cutting edges to be opened. may include a finger rest. designed as a work instrument for hairdressers.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  jeweler scissors. a specialized cutting implement consisting of two hardened steel leaves or blades which can be straight or curved, joined by a swivel pin. \u00a0designed for high precision and cutting force to shape hard materials very common in the field of jewelry. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  butcher scissors. a cutting implement consisting of two blades longer than the usual joined by a swivel pin that allows the cutting edges to be opened and closed with a wide and uniform cut. \u00a0used for cutting several kinds of meat. \u00a0some scissors can include a support (clamp) to fix the scissor in the table. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  compass cutter. a hand tool comprised of a main body with measurement indicators and an interchangeable blade at one end, and an adjustable shaft at the other end with a nail for fastening. \u00a0the shaft can be adjusted to select the size of the circumference to be cut when the tool is spun.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  wire scissors. a specialized cutting implement consisting of two hardened steel leaves joined by a swivel pin. used for cutting wire.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  circle cutter. a tool that is used to make circular holes between 30-80 mm in diameter in wood, ceramic or other compatible materials in a precise way.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  wood auger bit. specialized bit for drilling large-diameter, deep holes in wood or thick man-made boards. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  forstner bit. type of bit used to form holes with a flat bottom, such as for kitchen cupboard hinges. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  flat wood bit. type of bit intended for power drill use only.the centre point locates the bit and the flat steel on either side cuts away the timber.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  tile bit. a specialized bit for drilling ceramic tile and glass.it has a ground tungsten carbide tip.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  bullet pilot point. with their central point and two spurs, this type of drill bit resembles spur point bits, but can be used in metal, wood and plastics.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  spur point bit. also known as a wood or dowel bit, they have a central point and two raised spurs that help keep the bit drilling straight.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  masonry bit. as the name suggests, these are designed for drilling into brick, block, stone, quarry tiles or concrete. the cutting tip is often made from tungsten carbide bonded to a spiralled steel shaft.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  rip saw. a saw designed for cutting along the grain. the front of the teeth are generally at right angles to the blade and pitched at between 85 and 90 degrees to the blade.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  crosscut saw. a saw that differs from ripsaws in that the teeth are bevel-filed at an angle instead of being at 90 deg.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  panel saw. a small version of the crosscut saw measuring from 45 to 60cm (18 to 24 in) and with smaller teeth of 10-12 points.it is used for cutting thin wood and for the larger joints.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  flooring saw. a specialized saw used only to cut across floorboards so that they can be lifted.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  tenon or back saw. a type of saw that is stiffened along the back of the blade.the length of blade can range from 20cm (8 in) up to 40cm (16 in), or even longer for special work.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  pad or keyhole saw. a type of saw intended primarily for cutting the straight sides of a keyhole.it can be used for any internal cut, straight or curved.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  bow saw. a type of saw considered by many to be the most satisfactory saw for cutting shapes since the narrow blade negotiates curves easily, and is held in tension.both the handle and knob (at the other end of the blade) can be turned so that a cut can be made more or less parallel to the required cut.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  log saw. a type of saw intended for crosscutting logs.it has a metal frame.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  coping saw. a type of saw used for thinner wood and for tight curves or shapes. by turning the handle the tension of the blade can be slackened or increased.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  two man crosscut saw. a type of saw designed for sawing through large logs using various pattern teeth.each tooth pattern is claimed to have its own particular advantages, however this is often up to personal preference.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  blade sharpener. a tool to sharpen the blades of cutting tools by grinding them down to even out the surface of the blade.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  center punch. a type of punch typically used as an aid to drilling operations.it forms a small dimple in which the tip of the drill (if it is small enough) will fit.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  hollow punch. a type of punch similar to center punches, but with the difference that it produces holes or markings. the holes can be made in different shapes tringle,round and squares.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  taper punch. a type of punch with long tapers on the punching side of the tool. these types of punches are used for deep hole markings.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  parallel pin punch. a type of punch used in making parallel holes.it is quite different from taper and center punches as it has a parallel shank and no pointed end.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  hacksaw. saw used for cutting metal.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  mini pliers. mini pliers are specially designed for working with small objects.these pliers have very small nose compare to other pliers. which can hold minute things.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  miter box. a tool that enables precision cutting of boards, timber and rods at prescribed angle by using fixture and saw.. "
"cutting and crimping and punching tools.  optical fiber cleaver. a tool for cutting optical fiber.. "
"forming tools. . "
"forming tools. mallets. "
"forming tools. hammers. "
"forming tools. anvils. "
"forming tools. hatchets. "
"forming tools. picks. "
"forming tools. swaging tools. "
"forming tools. manual wire straighteners. "
"forming tools. electric wire straighteners. "
"forming tools.  hammer and mallet components. a set of spare items related to hammers and mallets basically: handles, heads, head framework.. "
"forming tools.  stonemason hammer. a specialized type of hammer with a cut in both sides designed for shaping stones and chipping walls.. "
"forming tools.  non sparking hammer or mallet. a hammer or mallet made of a specific alloy, usually combinations of beryllium, copper, bronze, aluminum appropriate for use in environments with high explosive risk such as chemical plants, power stations, gas and oil distribution lines, etc.. "
"forming tools.  non sparking hatchet. a type of hatchet made of a specific alloy, usually a combination of beryllium and copper or bronze and aluminum appropriate for use in environments with high explosive risk such as chemical plants, power stations, gas and oil distribution lines, etc.. "
"forming tools.  non sparking pick. a type of pick made of a specific alloy, usually a combination of beryllium and copper or bronze and aluminum appropriate for use in environments with high explosive risk such as chemical plants, power stations, gas and oil distribution lines, etc.. "
"forming tools.  sledge hammer. a sledgehammer is a tool that consists of a large, flat head attached to a lever (or handle). the head is typically made of metal. the sledgehammer can apply more impulse than other hammers due to its large size. along with the mallet, it shares the ability to distribute force over a wide area. "
"forming tools.  ball peen hammer. a type of hammer used in metalworking. (the spelling ball-pein is usual in the uk.) it is distinguished from a point-peen hammer or chisel-peen hammer by having a hemispherical peening head.. "
"forming tools.  rubber mallet. rubber mallets are hammers with heads made of softer materials than the steel normally used in hammerheads so as to avoid damaging a delicate surface. they are typically used to form sheet metal, since they dont leave marks, as well as for forcing tight-fitting parts together.. "
"forming tools.  claw hammer. the most popular hammer for general work, available with a wooden, glass-fibre or steel handles.the most popular weights are 455-680g (16 to 24oz).. "
"forming tools.  cross and straight pein hammer. a type of hammer mainly used for shaping metal.the pein can be at right angles to the handle or parallel with it.. "
"forming tools.  cross pein pin hammer. a lighter weight version of the cross and straight pein hammer, ideal for light joinery and cabinet work.weight 55g (4oz).. "
"forming tools.  club hammer or lump hammer. a type of hammer with a double faced head that is useful for light demolition work, driving steel chisels and masonry nails.. "
"forming tools.  joiners mallet. a type of mallet used to drive chisels or to tap wood joints together where a metal-faced hammer would cause damage or bruising.. "
"forming tools.  hand bottle crimper. a hand tool used in tightening caps onto bottles.. "
"wrenches and drivers. . "
"wrenches and drivers. screwdrivers. "
"wrenches and drivers. nut drivers. "
"wrenches and drivers. socket sets. "
"wrenches and drivers. sockets. "
"wrenches and drivers. box end wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. open end wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. adjustable wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. pipe wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. screw extractors. "
"wrenches and drivers. hex keys. "
"wrenches and drivers. ratchets. "
"wrenches and drivers. pullers. "
"wrenches and drivers. combination wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. specialty wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. torque wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. torx keys. "
"wrenches and drivers. pipe extractors. "
"wrenches and drivers. tap extractors. "
"wrenches and drivers. t handle tap wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. cranks. "
"wrenches and drivers. die stocks. "
"wrenches and drivers. tube wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. hook wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. offset socket wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. spanner wrenches. "
"wrenches and drivers. chuck keys. "
"wrenches and drivers.  screwdriver set. two or more screwdrivers of different types and sizes sold as a single unit.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  wrench set. two or more wrenches of different types and/or sizes sold as an integrated unit.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  double ended swivel wrench. a wrench containing a flat long principal framework ended by a swivel in each extreme that articulate a socket for nuts or a driver for bolts but both being the same type.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  precision screwdriver. a type of screwdriver designed for very fine work characterized by accurate action tapered for quick turning and usually equipped with a rotating cap for fingertip control.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  non sparking screwdriver. a screwdriver made of a specific alloy, usually combinations of either beryllium and copper or bronze and aluminum, appropriate for use in environments with high explosive risk such as chemical plants, power stations, gas and oil distribution lines, etc.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  flexible rod screwdriver. a type of screwdriver\u00a0with either a multiple tip or fixed tip containing a flexible rod enabling it to reach difficult access working points.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  multiple tip screwdriver. a type of screwdriver that can accommodate different kinds of bits by means of a detachable head that holds the bit. usually comes with several heads appropriate for a variety of screw sizes and types.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  ratchet screwdriver. a type of screwdriver whereby the screwdriver rod is locked to the handle for clockwise rotation, but uncoupled for counterclockwise rotation for tightening or loosening screws. some include accommodation within\u00a0the handle for\u00a0storing bits.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  insulated screwdriver. a type of screwdriver for electrical use that does not allow electric current (typically 1000v in ac and 1500v in dc) to pass through it.\u00a0 material of construction is usually alloyed steel (vanadium and molybdenum).. "
"wrenches and drivers.  hand push automatic screwdriver. a type of screwdriver wherein\u00a0its rod turns, either to the left or to the right, by means of an inner spring movement received from the stored energy after pushing the handle down.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  voltage tester screwdriver. a type of insulated screwdriver with its tip serving as a contact point with a conductor and either a cable with a gag or just a cable ending at an electrode going out from the top of the handle to close the circuit so that it displays\u00a0electric current flow.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  torque screwdriver. a type of screwdriver designed to measure torque while tightening, based on the elastic deformation of a calibrated spring. the torque value is shown in a display located on its handle.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  telescoping screwdriver. a type of screwdriver with multiple bits containing an expandable magnetic pick up aerial that is located within the rod. usually there is a compartment inserted in the handle to keep the interchangeable bits.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  interchangeable rod screwdriver. a type of screwdriver which has the capability of extracting its rod by pulling it after turning by means of a muller nut located at the end of the handle.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  impact screwdriver. a type of screwdriver that works through the principle of impact.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  ring wrench or spanner. a type of wrench (spanner) that has a completely enclosed head, and may have six or 12 flats. a 12 flat wrench (spanner) engages upon the corners of the nut and can engage both hexagon and square bolts.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  offset ring wrench or spanner. a type of wrench (spanner) that has an offset head allowing it to connect with nuts in awkward places, and to give room for your hand to move without hitting the workpiece.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  split ring wrench or spanner. a type of wrench (spanner) where a section of the ring is removed so the six or 12-point jaws can be located like an open-ended spanner.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  bulldog wrench or spanner. a type of wrench (spanner) where a worm screw is located close to the opening jaw, which has a rack engaged with the screw, making the wrench (spanner) very easy to adjust with the finger and thumb of the holding hand.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  box wrench or spanner. a type of wrench (spanner) made of tubing with flats arranged at each end.holes through the tubing are designed to take a tommy bar set at right angles to the tubing, and this is used to apply pressure to the wrench (spanner) head.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  footprint wrench. a type of wrench where the jaw opening can be adjusted by lifting the moveable handle and re- positioning the pivot so that the wrench can be used on a number of pipe sizes.pressure is applied by squeezing the two handles together.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  pipe wrench or stillson wrench. an adjustable wrench used for turning soft iron pipes and fittings with a rounded surface. the design of the adjustable jaw allows it to rock in the frame, such that any forward pressure on the handle tends to pull the jaws tighter together.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  mole wrench. a self gripping wrench which can be adjusted to grip various diameters of pipe. the width of the jaws is adjusted by the knurled screw on the rear of the main handle and the tool is just then squeezed onto the pipe.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  tap spanner or basin wrench. a type of wrench designed to tighten basin and bath tap backnuts in the often restricted space under the basin/bath where an ordinary spanner would have insufficient turning space.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  obstruction wrench. an open-end wrench designed with large offset angles for work in cramped spaces.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  ratchet wrench. a type of wrench that has a ratchet mechanism at the end that allows tightening or loosening in confined spaces.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  s wrench. a type of wrench that has different sockets at the both ends.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  y wrench. a type of wrench having three different sockets at its three ends.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  crows foot wrench. a type of wrench that has detachable end sockets to the handle.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  slugging wrench. a type of wrench designed for use with hammers where impact or shock is required for loosening of frozen and rusty nuts and bolts.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  cam over wrench. a type of wrench that utilizes a ball and lobe design that allows the tool to slip free when torque is reached, thus preventing over-torquing.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  blade wrench. a type of wrench with an adjustable interconnection between the tool body and the blade portion which permits selective angular positioning of the blade portion.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  wheel nut wrench or lug nut wrench. a type of wrench for loosening or tightening a wheel nut of a vehicle.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  water pump wrench. a type of wrench that has an unusual stepped opening.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  flexible head gear wrench. a type of wrench that has a flexible, adjustable head at the end.it is a variety of ratchet wrench.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  allen wrench. a six-sided wrench that fits into the hex socket of a cap screw or set screw.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  drill drift. a device used to pull out the taper shank drill attached to drill sleeve or drill socket of various drilling equipment.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  drum plug wrench. a non adjustable tool used in opening and closing the screw cap of oil drum.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  cross rim wrench. a tool with socket wrench with different configurations or dimensions on the end of each of 4 cross shaped bars that can be turned by rotatory force.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  offset screw driver. a screw driver with the driver bit and the handle bent in the shape of an l.. "
"wrenches and drivers.  point socket. type of socket that enables the rotation of the bolt or nut continuously without the need to reposition the die. the turning force is transmitted through the recess, where it engages the die. "
"wrenches and drivers.  oil filter wrench. a tool for removing spin-on type oil filters. these filters are smooth, cylindrical canisters with knurling on the bottom that are difficult to grip, especially when they are oily.. "
"measuring and layout tools. . "
"measuring and layout tools. tape measures. "
"measuring and layout tools. levels. "
"measuring and layout tools. squares. "
"measuring and layout tools. plumb bobs. "
"measuring and layout tools. nail or router gauges. "
"measuring and layout tools. straight edges. "
"measuring and layout tools. bevels. "
"measuring and layout tools. stud finders. "
"measuring and layout tools.  folding ruler. a ruler formed by a series of ribs normally made of plastic which are united to each other consecutively by way of swivelled ends. alias: carpenter rule.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  long tape ruler. a measuring device consisting of a tape measure rolled up either in a box or a disc and used to measure longer distances than a regular tape measure.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  plumb bob line. a specialized line usually made of nylon to avoid damage when suspended with a weight at the bottom (plumb bob).. "
"measuring and layout tools.  inspection mirror. a tool used to assess work or equipment status where direct physical access is difficult. consists of a mirror at the end of a rod.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  combination square. a ruler with composite functions including drawing lines, drawing parallel lines, measuring of depth of groove, finding the center and measuring right angle on timber or steel materials.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  gage ball set. a collection of various measurement balls with different diameters.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  shrink or shrinkage rule. a type of ruler used in wooden pattern factories and cast iron factories. it has scale that is at greater interval in order to account for the contraction of molten metal which contracts during solidification.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  dial gauge stand. an auxiliary tool that supports measurement devices such as dial gauge and dial test indicator, etc.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  roughness comparison specimen. a standard specimen for comparison of surface roughness that is used as a standard in comparing and measuring the surface roughness of various machine processed surfaces through tactile and visual senses.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  square master. a device enabling measurement of squareness and straightness by moving a lever. also enables assessment of the parallelism of a surface through measurement of straightness.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  cylindrical square. a measurement tool used to measure the squareness of attachment of jigs and products as squareness measurement master.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  angle measuring instrument. a type of angle measuring device. in general, it is equipped with a rotating component and circumference scale, and is used widely in automatic controllers.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  center gauge. an instrument used in installation and adjustment of shelves and screw bite, and testing of angle of tools. one side is used to measure angle while the other side has scales.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  angle gauge. an instrument that is standard for measurement of angle or testing. it is possible to obtain arbitrary standard angle by pairing from polygonal angle gauges with diverse range of vertical angle.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  sine plate. a surface plate with a sturdy metallic block or table with smoothly finished plane used to set accurate angle.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  precision surface plate. a solid flat plate made of cast iron or stone with its surface accurately and smoothly finished in order to perform centering, line drawing, assembly and measurement by placing work piece on its top.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  adjustable angle plate. a foundation plate used to fix the work piece on the upper plate, and is capable of precision adjustment and angle adjustment.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  fixed angle plate. a cast iron tool used in performing drawing points or line, or machine processing by fixing the work piece into the groove by means of bolt, etc.. "
"measuring and layout tools.  optical parallel. a plate with optical glass on the both side with highly precise level of parallelism. used in measuring the level of flatness and parallelism of the micrometer measurement surface by using light wave interference.. "
"rough and finishing tools. . "
"rough and finishing tools. cold chisels. "
"rough and finishing tools. planes. "
"rough and finishing tools. rasps. "
"rough and finishing tools. grinders. "
"rough and finishing tools. wood chisels. "
"rough and finishing tools. wire brushes. "
"rough and finishing tools. sharpening stones or tools or kits. "
"rough and finishing tools. spatulas. "
"rough and finishing tools. burins. "
"rough and finishing tools. cross cut chisels. "
"rough and finishing tools.  wood gouge. a chisel type cutting implement having a long, curved blade; used for hollowing out wood, or for making holes, channels, or grooves in wood.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  edge trimmer. a wood finishing tool designed to shave the prominent material that is left both in width and along the edge from wood board edges.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  bull point chisel. a circular or octagonal rod of iron or steel with a sharpened end for breaking up concrete or masonry. aliases-synonyms: concrete chisel.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  stonemason chisel. a chisel made of tungsten carbide having a claw tooth head that is used after the bull point chisel in order to prepare a stone surface.. "
"rough and finishing tools. roof ripper. "
"rough and finishing tools.  glue roller. a manual device for applying glue that uses a trigger for releasing glue onto a roller. usually comes with a support for storage.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  hand sander. a manual tool that contains abrasive on one side and has a handle on the other side.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  bastard cut file. a type of file based on tooth configuration. a files teeth can range from rough, coarse and bastard (meaning intermediate) to second-cut, smooth and dead smooth.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  second cut file. a type of file based on tooth configuration. a files teeth can range from rough, coarse and bastard (meaning intermediate) to second-cut, smooth and dead smooth.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  smooth cut file. a type of file based on tooth configuration. a files teeth can range from rough, coarse and bastard (meaning intermediate) to second-cut, smooth and dead smooth.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  cross cut file. a type of file based on tooth configuration. a files teeth can range from rough, coarse and bastard (meaning intermediate) to second-cut, smooth and dead smooth. a cross-cut file has two sets of teeth crossing obliquely.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  chain saw file. a type of file based on tooth configuration. a files teeth can range from rough, coarse and bastard (meaning intermediate) to second-cut, smooth and dead smooth. chain saw files are round files with various cuts.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  rasp cut file. a type of file based on tooth configuration. a files teeth can range from rough, coarse and bastard (meaning intermediate) to second-cut, smooth and dead smooth. rasp files have furrows made by straight cuts of a chisel, either single or crossed and have coarse, single teeth, raised by the pyramidal end of a triangular punch with various cuts.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  needle file. a large family of specially shaped small, narrow files ranging from about 3\" to 8\" in length.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  aluminum flat file. type of file designed with a special tooth construction for filing aluminum and other soft metals with a minimum of clogging.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  aluminum half round file. type of file designed with a special tooth construction for filing both flat and curved surfaces in aluminum and other soft metals.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  cheesegrater file. type of file designed for rapid work on all soft materials - wood, aluminum, fiberglass, and laminated countertops.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  flat hand file. type of file designed for safe filing of internal corners and where metal must be removed rapidly.one edge is uncut or safe for filing one surface without damaging an adjoining one.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  round file. type of file designed for enlarging holes and shaping curved surfaces. "
"rough and finishing tools.  half round file. type of file designed for filing both flat and curved surfaces. "
"rough and finishing tools.  square file. type of file designed for filing slots, key ways, grooves, square holes and edges, and for filing flat surfaces where a heavier section is preferred. "
"rough and finishing tools.  three square triangular file. type of file designed for filing internal angles above 60\u00a1\u00e6, corners, grooves, notches, and for filing hss taps and cutters after machining.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  flat taper file. type of file designed for use where metal must be removed rapidly and a smooth finish is not required.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  knife file. type of file designed in the shape of a knife for filing slots, key ways, and acute angles. "
"rough and finishing tools.  warding file. type of file designed for filing in narrow spaces where other files will not fit.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  laminate file. type of file designed for lamination work and precision work on plastics.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  long angle lathe file. type of file designed for filing work that is rotating in a lathe and for bench filing of aluminum and copper alloys.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  half round pipe line file. type of file designed for filing weld beads and scale off pipe line. "
"rough and finishing tools.  mill saw file. type of file designed as multi-purpose files for sharpening saws, various cutting edge tools, draw filing, lathe work, and finishing work on hard materials.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  taper saw file. type of file designed for sharpening all styles of saws with 60\u00a1\u00e6 angle teeth.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  double end saw file. type of file designed for general saw sharpening. "
"rough and finishing tools.  farmers own file. type of file designed for sharpening cutting edge tools, e.g., knives, hows, mower machine blades, etc.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  precision file. type of file designed for fine finish work and are used by tool and die makers, instrument makers, model makers, and watchmakers.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  die sinker riffler. a tool specially designed for getting into crevices, corners, and contours of dies and molds.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  silversmiths riffler. a tool specially designed for making glass molding dies.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  half round wood rasp. a type of rasp designed with a very coarse rasp cut for filing both flat and curved surfaces in wood or soft metals.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  half round cabinet rasp. a type of rasp designed with a finer rasp cut for filing both flat and curved surfaces.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  round wood rasp. a type of rasp designed with a coarse rasp cut for enlarging holes and shaping curved surfaces in wood or soft metals.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  four in hand shoe rasp. a type of rasp for filing both flat and curved surfaces in soft metals, wood, plastics, and leather.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  horse rasp. a type of rasp designed for filing and shaping horses hooves prior to shoeing.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  farrier rasp. a type of rasp designed for filing and shaping horses hooves prior to shoeing.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  taper shank bridge reamer. a type of heavy duty reamer designed for use in structural steel fabrication bridge work, and ship construction to line up bolt and rivet holes.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  round shank bridge reamer. a type of reamer designed for lining up holes in structural steel fabrication bridgework, ship construction, automotive maintenance, and railroad car manufacture.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  burnisher. a hand tool that can remove the grinding particles or perform surface polishing work on highly precise surfaces or surface for which surface grinding has been completed.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  nozzle cleaner. a tool shaped like a needle that is used in removing carbon and foreign matter attached to the torch or fuel injection nozzle due to incomplete combustion or expanding hole.. "
"rough and finishing tools.  hand lapper. a hand tool used in processing surface smoothly by rolling with exertion of pressure after having applied lapping compound on the surface of object to be processed.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. . "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. machetes. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. spades. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. rakes. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. shovels. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. axes. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. scythes. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. secateurs or pruning shears. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. hoes. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. scrapers. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden forks. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. tool handles. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden riddles. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. post hole digger. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. lawnmowers. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. lawn scarifiers. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. hedge clippers. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. digging bars. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. bulb planter. a hand-held garden tool consisting of a cylindrical drum and handle, designed to be driven into the earth to the depth required for planting, then removed holding the displaced earth within the drum.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. pruning saw. a type of hand saw mounted on a long handle or telescoping pole with a curved, often collapsible blade designed for pruning trees or large shrubs.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. sickle. an agricultural tool composed of a steel curved blade with teeth or sharpened edge on the concave part affixed to a short handle for cutting grass or crops. smaller version of a scythe.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. lawn aerator. a type of lawn maintenance tool designed to loosen up and aerate compacted soil. variations of the tool either extract plugs of soil and or punch holes with spikes into the lawn to improve circulation of air, water and nutrients at the root level.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. border shear. a pair of large clippers with long handles having its head arranged either in straight form or turned 90 degrees to the left used to cut weeds or stems which are close to walls or places difficult to be accessed.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. hand cultivator. a manual garden tool composed by a handle plus a one, three or four prong head which is designed to be propelled along the soil to plough, to mulch, to furrow, or to pull up roots.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. miniature garden tool set. a set of reduced size garden tools such as a minifork, a minicultivator, a minihoe, weed remover, a trowel, a planter, a mini hoe-cultivator combo, a minirake, a minifork that are used for working in pots, terraces and gardens.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. short handled hoe. a hand tool with a short handle usually made of wood and a little flat blade inserted for removing plants considered unattractive, or troublesome from gardens.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. handle wedge. a piece of wood or metal shaped at a sharp angle used to tighten the handle of a hand tool with a blade, thus averting a possible accident with the tool.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden broom. a tool composed of a group of wood filaments or metallic/plastic rods at the end of a handle in the form of a straight stick that can be of several sizes or materials. \u00a0the tool is used to remove leaves, branches or other kind of litter.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. tree debarker. a small hand tool comprised of a wide flat blade screwed onto a handle that can be of several sizes. used in gardens or estates to debark or clean the trunk of trees.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden watering can. a container for water, typically of metal or plastic having a long spout with a perforated nozzle, in the other side it usually has a handle, it is used to water plants.\u00a0. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. billhook. a large heavy knife with a broad blade, used as an implement for cutting vegetation. it is similar to a machete, but it is more angular and ends in a hook that allows a second cut by pulling backwards after the first cut. it also usually has a rectangular secondary blade on the back.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden sieve. an device consisting of a perforated sheet or fabric contained in a circular form (usually of wood) employed to separate seeds of several sizes. \u00a0also used in fertilizer works.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. adze. a cutting tool differing from an axe in that the blade is set at a right angle to the handle. it is used for shaping wood.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden tool set. an assortment of small tools used in gardening that are sold together.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. root cutter. a tool used in gardening to cut or extract the roots of plants minimizing the damage.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. hedge trimmer. a gardening and landscaping power tool powered by either electric or gasoline motors.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden shredder. a power tool for reducing garden waste, (clippings, twigs, and small branches) into small pieces which can then be used for mulching or composting.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. brush cutter. a type of cutter designed for cutting down brambles and overgrown parts of the garden.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. garden chainsaw. a power tool ideal for heavy pruning tasks and tree felling.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. lopper. a type of pruning tool designed to handle materials where the diameter exceeds \u00a8\u00fa inch (20 mm).the longer handles on these pruners give the user more reach, as well as more leverage. they are useful for hedges, vineyards, and orchard maintenance.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. soil probe. a tube-shaped device narrow in diameter for collection of soil specimens from ground.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. grafting knife. a knife used in splitting the base tree for grafting of trees. two styles: one that can be folded and integrated type that cannot be folded.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. tree caliper. a device used to measure the diameter of a tree or seedling. it is designed with auxiliary ruler moving along elongated main ruler shaped like caliper used in precision measurement.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. tree diagnostic tool or resistograph. a type of equipment used to measure the extent of compression, annual rings, range of decomposition, chapping, defectiveness, status of change and speed of sap flow during tree growth.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. tree trunk injection set. an injection set used to supply nutrients to the tree trunk when the nutritional status of the tree is very poor or the tree has difficulties in absorbing moisture or nutrients due to poor state of roots.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. sod cutter. a machine used to cut grass turf in order to transfer the turf.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. turf sweeper. a device that collects and removes the mown grass after cutting.. "
"agriculture, forestry and garden handtools. a set of hand devices used to perform or facilitate manual work in agriculture, forestry and gardening activities such as cutting, breaking up, boring, digging, planting, ploughing, mulching, furrowing and removing.. high branch shears. a shear that can cut branches at the height of tall trees whose branches are straight and thick, and grow very high.. "
"holding and clamping tools. . "
"holding and clamping tools. pipe vises. "
"holding and clamping tools. bench vises. "
"holding and clamping tools. hand clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. tongs. "
"holding and clamping tools. tweezers. "
"holding and clamping tools. linemans pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. adjustable widemouth pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. needlenose pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. magnetic tools. "
"holding and clamping tools. retaining ring pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. alligator pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. tongue and groove pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. slip or groove joint pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. diagonal cut pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. locking pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. fence pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. end cut pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. light bulb changer. "
"holding and clamping tools. c clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. corner clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. sheet metal pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. bench dog. "
"holding and clamping tools. tensioners. "
"holding and clamping tools. round nose pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. flat nose pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. strap wrenches. "
"holding and clamping tools. curved nose pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools. round handle clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. three jaw clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. deep throat jaw opening clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. hold down clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. t handle clamps. "
"holding and clamping tools. longnose pliers. "
"holding and clamping tools.  insulated pliers. a specialized type of pliers that do not allow electric current (1000 volts ac and 1500 volts dc ) to pass through it. usually made of alloyed steel (vanadium and molybdenum).. "
"holding and clamping tools.  non sparking pliers. pliers made of a specific alloy, usually combinations of beryllium and copper or bronze and aluminum, appropriate for use in environments with high explosive risk such as chemical plants, power stations, gas and oil distribution lines, etc.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  pliers set. two or more pliers of different kinds and/or sizes sold as an integrated unit.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  manual pipe straightener. a tool for straightening low resistance pipe used in the plumbing and construction industries.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  combination pliers. a type of pliers machined from forged steel with its two handles precisely joined with a heavy-duty rivet that maintains the pliers accuracy even after repeated use under extreme force on heavy-gauge wire.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  circlip pliers. a type of pliers for installing and removing circle clips (circular retaining rings).. "
"holding and clamping tools.  glass pliers. a type of pliers designed to hold glass while cutting.it has special jaws to clean the sharp conrners and edges of the glass.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  multi tool pliers. a type of hand tool containing pliers as well as other tools for doing multiple chores, whether hunting, camping, hiking or emergency chores.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  tile cutting pliers. a type of pliers with a base handle and an actuating handle connected by a pivot and a return spring and terminating in a respective cutter blade for cutting small tiles.for cutting big tiles, the tool has a jaw plate and two needle holders longitudinally spaced at an inner side that move relative to the longitudinal stop bar.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  snap pliers. a type of pliers with a bent nose.they are designed to hold retaining rings. there are two types: internal and external snap pliers.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  slip joint pliers. a type of pliers whose pivot point or fulcrum can be moved to increase the size range of their jaws.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  swivel base vise. a type of vise that has a swivelling base attached to a set of jaws which can clamp down on various items. the jaws can be rotated with the assistance of the base.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  crimping pliers. a special type of pliers whose sole purpose is to close crimp beads which are metal beads that are crushed to hold beading wire.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  electronics pliers. a specialized hand tool designed primarily for gripping electronic wires or other objects by using leverage. these are designed for numerous purposes and sometimes require different jaw configurations to grip, turn, pull, or crimp a variety of things.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  electrostatic pliers. a type of pliers that have spring loaded jaws to confirm the gripping of objects. the spring maintains the jaws in a closed position.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  jewellers pliers. pliers used for jewellery work.it has a small nose to pick up small objects.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  wire-stripping pliers. a type of pliers designed for cutting and removing insulation on electrical wire while leaving the wire intact.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  triclover clamp. a type of clamp that is crevice free and designed for quick and easy assembly without the use of tools.it is mostly used to clamp triclover pipe, liner assembly and is used extensively throughout the food, beverage, cosmetic and pharmaceutical industries.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  belt lacer. a hand tool that closes lacing for binding cut surface by manual pressure following alignment of supporting belts.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  milling vise. a type of vise used to hold the work piece by holding it onto the table of milling machine.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  piston ring expander. a tool similar to pliers used in inserting or pulling out piston ring from the piston.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  hand vise. a small vise with pin configuration used for manual work with very small rod, line, drill and tap by clamping them with chuck.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  drill vise. a machine vise that can be connected to the top of a drilling machine table. it uses a rectangular screw or trapezoid screw as feed screw.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  leg vise. a type of vise that clamps work piece and attaches to a work table. used for simple forging work and hand finishing.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  chain vise. cam equipment connected to chain with base containing at least 2 v shaped jaws. used to secure pipe or other round shaped work pieces.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  wire twister. a type of pliers used to twist and hold wire in place and prevent loosening due to vibration. used for binding steel reinforcements, sacks or bundles with wire.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  wire wrapping tool. a tool for winding and unwinding electric wire on terminal when installing and repairing telephone facility and others.. "
"holding and clamping tools.  rule clamp. a tool used to combine two rulers into a single long ruler by connecting the ends of the two rulers with a clamp containing tightening type screws.. "
"masonry and concrete tools. . "
"masonry and concrete tools. trowels. "
"masonry and concrete tools. floats. "
"masonry and concrete tools. edgers. "
"masonry and concrete tools. concrete vibrators. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  screed board. a rectangular strip or plank of wood or metal used to level off a horizontal surface of concrete or other composite building material when it is still not dry, when the implement is big it can include a handle to pull and make the job easier, it can include also a level bubble to ensure the correct position of the utensil.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  hand rammer. a cone-shaped tool always heavy and thick, fitted with a handle that is used to roll flat sand, stones, pavements or others.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  pickaxe. a pickaxe is a tool with a hard head attached perpendicular to the handle. normally one edge is pointed like a spike and the other chiseled, however, some types have a hammer. the spike is most commonly made of metal, and the handle is most commonly made of wood or metal.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  masonry shovel. a special kind of shovel adapted to the needs of masonry work. it is more resistant, has a longer blade and a heavier weight bearing handle. constructed of steel, aluminum or plastic as well as non-sparking material. can be pointed, round or straight. used for digging and moving material.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  brick jointer. sometimes called strikers, this item is used by the bricklayer to strike joints in brick and block walls. this tool gives the joints a neat, finished appearance.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tuck pointer. tuck pointers (also called joint fillers) are used in repairing the mortar in old brick walls. the size and shape of a tuck pointers blade allow for easy application of new mortar between old bricks. .. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  curb face tool. a type of large metal hand tool, typically 12\" to 18\" long, with a 1/16\" thick metal blade and a wooden handle. the shape of the curb face tool is designed to be an exact match to the curbs required profile.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  concrete chute. a device that channels or conveys concrete or cement mixtures from the mixing chamber to the pour site.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  grooving edger. masonry and concrete hand tool used for smooth finishing. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile scribe. a tool used to score the glazed surface of tiles so that they can be broken along the scribe line.a scribe needs to be used against a straight edge to ensure that the scribe mark is straight.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile cutter. a tool for cutting large numbers of tiles in straight lines.various designs are available but the usual type incorporates a scribe wheel, which is pulled across the tile, and a breaking arm, which is pushed down after scribing to break the tile along the mark.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile power saw. a specialized tool to cut tiles in straight lines.it is essential when cutting large numbers of tiles and/or thick, tough tiles (such as floor tiles).. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile nipper. a hand tool used to cut away small, often irregular, areas of tile in a controlled manner.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile hand saw. a tile saw is needed to cut irregular shapes etc faster than just using nippers. they generally looks a bit like a hacksaw, with a frame holding the ends of a special tile cutting blade.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile drill bit. a specialized carbide-tipped bit for drilling glass, tile and mirrors.the bit can be used with a hand drill, but is best used in a variable speed power drill on a slow speed.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile hole cutter. an alternative to drills, this tool has a diamond cutting edge which meets the tile surface square on. it can range in size from 12 to over 100mm diameter and should be used in a power drill and leave a smooth and clean finish.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile file. a type of file used to smooth rough edges and shape tiles. when shaping tiles, it should only be used to remove small amounts as it works very slowly.ideally the file should have both a flat and curved face so that it can be used for filing both straight edges and contoured shapes.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  profile gauge. a tool designed to help transfer awkward shapes onto tiles for cutting.its use is not restricted to tiling and it can be useful in woodworking and other crafts.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  notched spreader. a specialized tool for spreading adhesive for small tiling jobs.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile trowel. a tool for applying adhesive in a manner similar to a notched spreader, but which is easier to use when large amounts of tiling are to be done.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  grout spreader. a tool used to spread grout across tiles and into the spaces between them.it has a flexible, squeegee edge to move the grout around without damaging the surface of the tiles.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  grout rake. a special tool with a narrow hardened blade used for removing old and discolored grout.working the blade along the grout joints will remove the old grout and leave room for applying new grout.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tile removing chisel. a tool with a cranked blade that enables easy and quick removal of tiles with minimal damage to the backing wall or floor.it can also be used to remove plaster.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  tuck pointer or joint filler. a tool used in repairing the mortar in old brick walls.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  step tool. a tool for inserting and removing rod-type steps.it is used in concrete work and forestry.. "
"masonry and concrete tools.  groover. a hand tool used in making grooves or shallow scales on cement walls or concrete surfaces prior to curing in order to adjust the location of occurrence of crack or to make shape.. "
"marking tools. . "
"marking tools. branders. "
"marking tools. awls. "
"marking tools. scribers. "
"marking tools. chalk lines. "
"marking tools. metal markers or holders. "
"marking tools. metal stamps. "
"marking tools.  chalk for chalk line. product that is used for chalk line marker devices and gives color to the line of the chalk lines. it is usually blue but there are other colors available in the market.. "
"marking tools.  marking cart. cart with two or more wheels used to mark a surface with a line. it can work with paint, aerosol or dust (usually lime).. "
"marking tools.  marking pen. a special kind of pen that is able to write and mark different materials or surfaces like glass, wet surfaces, wood or others.. "
"marking tools.  chalk holder. a circular or square implement used to grasp an industrial marking chalk. facilitates use and keeps fingers protected and clean. it also prevents chalk breakage.. "
"marking tools.  marking chalk. this kind of chalk is designed for industrial marking on complex surfaces such as steel, concrete, stone, glass, wood, rubber, fabric or others. \u00a0it can support extreme high or low temperatures. \u00a0it comes in several colors.. "
"marking tools.  surface gauge. a tool used to draw a line on work piece or find the center of a round rod. it has a needle for drawing a line on the pole with foundation made of cast iron.. "
"marking tools.  marking gauge. a tool used to draw parallel line or make marks with prescribed dimensions on timber or steel plate.. "
"fastener setting tools. . "
"fastener setting tools. staple guns. "
"fastener setting tools. rivet tools. "
"fastener setting tools. banders. "
"fastener setting tools. anchor setting tools. "
"fastener setting tools. bolt heaters. "
"fastener setting tools. tag guns. "
"fastener setting tools.  security tag detacher. this commodity is used to removes security tags from merchandise.. "
"fastener setting tools.  industrial staple remover. hand tool used by carpenters and other professionals to remove big staples from wood, cloth, cable and others.. "
"fastener setting tools.  explosive stud gun. a gun that uses gun powder when drilling stud, pin and nail into brick, concrete and steel materials and others.. "
"fastener setting tools.  cable tie gun. a hand tool used by electricians or other professionals to attach cable ties to wires or cables.. "
"prying and bending tools. . "
"prying and bending tools. pipe bending tools. "
"prying and bending tools. pry bars. "
"prying and bending tools. conduit benders. "
"prying and bending tools. wedges. "
"prying and bending tools. packing hooks. "
"prying and bending tools. hickeys. "
"prying and bending tools.  wrecking or crow bar. a tool made of iron or steel with one curved and flattened end. there is usually a small fissure on the curved end for removing nails in formworks. tool is also used as a lever to force apart two objects.. "
"prying and bending tools.  cable bender. a hand tool used for bending cable at the time of working with various communication cable and electric power cable.. "
"sealing tools. . "
"sealing tools. putty knives. "
"sealing tools. caulking tools. "
"sealing tools. insertion tool. "
"sealing tools.  putty bowl. a bowl designed especially for putty, made of rubber to make it flexible and easy to use.. "
"power tools. . "
"power tools. power blowers. "
"power tools. power buffers. "
"power tools. power drills. "
"power tools. power grinders. "
"power tools. demolition hammers. "
"power tools. power planes. "
"power tools. power routers. "
"power tools. power sanders. "
"power tools. power saws. "
"power tools. power screwguns. "
"power tools. power staple guns. "
"power tools. power trimmers. "
"power tools. impact wrenches. "
"power tools. power caulking guns. "
"power tools. power chippers. "
"power tools. power nail guns. "
"power tools. heat guns. "
"power tools. engravers. "
"power tools. glue guns. "
"power tools. torque tools. "
"power tools. biscuit jointers. "
"power tools.  beveling tool. power tool used in high speed weld preparation of milled steel, stainless steel, and aluminum plate.. "
"power tools.  power shears. a small power tool used to make a very precise cut in copper or steel plate.. "
"power tools.  power nibbler. a tool for cutting sheet metal with minimal distortion with a blade that moves in a linear fashion against a fixed die. similar to shears.. "
"power tools.  power riveter. an electrical tool for driving rivets usually in the form of a gun. power supply can be power cable or battery.. "
"power tools.  power rod cutter. power tool for cutting rods of several materials (usually steel). it works by placing a rod at one end, and at the other a handle with a button. by pressing it, the machine cuts the rod in a precise way.. "
"power tools.  mortar gun. a gun-shaped tool to make cement mortar penetrate and fill fissures or cracks. this tool is electrically powered via ac power or battery.. "
"power tools.  power flaring tool. a portable unit that enables rapid and precise flaring of suitable tubes and the pre-installation of cutting rings.. "
"power tools.  tube crimper. a gun shaped pressing tool that makes the correct connection between two tubes. power source can be either ac or battery.. "
"power tools.  power grease gun. a common power tool used for lubrication. applies lubricant through an aperture to a specific point, usually a grease nipple, which carries the lubricant to the place needed. power source is either ac or battery.. "
"power tools.  power scissors. a type of scissors that move automatically, powered by ac or battery.. "
"power tools.  power pipe bender. a power tool commonly used to make the elbows of pipes and also other forms.. "
"power tools.  angle cutter. a tool with the cutting face angled with respect to the axis of rotation formed by a manual saw and a basis upon which the material is placed by elevating the saw until the material stands still and fixed ready to obtain strips or wood marks in angle, generally to 45 degrees.. "
"power tools.  jigsaw. a tool used for cutting arbitrary curves, such as stenciled designs or other custom shapes, into a piece of wood or similar material.it is usually used in a more artistic fashion than other saws, which only cut in straight lines and exist mainly to cut pieces of wood to length for building structures.in this way, it is similar to the rasp and the chisel.. "
"power tools.  scroll saw. a small electric or pedal operated saw useful for cutting intricate curves where a jigsaw or coping saw is not appropriate.it is capable of creating curves with edges. it is somewhat similar to a band saw, but unlike band saws, in which the saw blade is a continuous loop, scroll saws use saw blades similar to those used by coping saws and operate through a quick reciprocating up and down motion.. "
"power tools.  wall chaser. a specialised power tool generally used for cutting a groove into a wall. it is comprised of a motor that drives two abrasive discs like those found in an angle grinder.the abrasive discs are placed closely together.. "
"power tools.  orbital sander. the most common type of electrical sander available. it comes with rectangular, square or round base plates.when using an orbital sander, there is no need to worry about the direction of wood grain. "
"power tools.  detail sander. a type of orbital sander with small, usually triangular, base plates which can fit into awkward areas such as window frames, small items or furniture etc.. "
"power tools.  belt sander. a type of sander that can remove material quicker than an orbital sander, but does not produce as good a finish as can be achieved with an orbital sander.. "
"power tools.  bench sander. a type of sander used not just for sanding but for shaping as well.these machines are powerful and make easy work of rapid removal of material from the work piece.. "
"power tools.  file sander or finger sander. a type of sander with a very narrow (in the order of 12.5mm) sanding belt which can get into narrow areas.. "
"power tools.  disc sander. an accessory for a power drill or fitted as a bench mounted sanding tool.. "
"power tools.  radial arm saw. a woodworking power tool that allows for vertical movement of the saw, which is housed in the saw carriage and supported by an arm.the yoke houses the motor and the blade and allows for beveled cuts from 0 to 90 degrees.. "
"power tools.  pneumatic saw. a type of power saw driven by pressurized air.. "
"power tools.  concrete saw. a powered saw (often known as a consaw or road saw) used for cutting concrete, masonry, brick, asphalt and other solid materials.concrete saws are powered by gasoline, hydraulic or pneumatic pressure, or electric motors. the significant friction generated in cutting hard substances like concrete usually requires the blades to be cooled to prolong their life and reduce dust.blades are either abrasive or diamond tipped.. "
"power tools.  chain saw. a portable mechanical, motorized saw.it is used in logging activities such as felling, limbing, and bucking; by tree surgeons to fell trees and remove branches and foliage; to fell snags and assist in cutting firebreaks in wildland fire suppression, and to harvest firewood.chainsaws with specially designed blades have been developed as tools for use in chain saw art.. "
"power tools.  reciprocating saw. a type of saw in which the cutting action is achieved through a push and pull reciprocating motion of the blade. the typical style of this saw has a foot at the base of the blade, also similar to a jigsaw. the user rests this foot against the surface being cut so that the tendency of the blade to push away from or pull towards the cut as the blade travels through its cycle can be countered.. "
"power tools.  miter saw. a motorized saw (also called a chop saw or drop saw) used to make a quick, accurate crosscut in a workpiece.common uses include framing operations and the cutting of molding.most miter saws are relatively small and portable.. "
"power tools.  angle grinder. a handheld power tool used for cutting, grinding and polishing. the motor drives a geared head at a right-angle on which is mounted an abrasive disc that can be replaced when worn.angle grinders typically have an adjustable guard and a side-handle for two-handed operation.. "
"power tools.  battery powered crimping tool. die or dieless compression tool powered by a battery.. "
"power tools.  power cable cutter accessories. accessories for cable cutter that is battery operated or powered by electicity.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. . "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. saw blades. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. end mills. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. stamping dies or punches. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. threading dies. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. threading taps. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. chucks. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. collets. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. tool holders. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. thread repair kits. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. arbors. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. countersinks. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. extension pole. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. screwdriver bits. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. nut driver bits. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. vise jaw liners or caps. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. skiving tool cutter blades. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. lug crimping tool dies. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. router bits. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. hub adapters. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. cutting chains. chain saw attachments used for cutting. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. chuck sleeves. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. tool template sets. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. hole saws. combination drill and saw bit used to cut holes in various material.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. magnetizer demagnetizer devices. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. impact socket. a tool very similar to a regular socket but they are rather used with a power or pneumatic tool instead a manual wrench because of its major resistance to the effort.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. impact wrench attachments and accessories. commodities intended to enhance the use of impact sockets such as increaser adapters, reducer adapters, extensions, fastening rings, fastening rods, joints, etc.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. screwdriver accessories and supplies. accessories and spare items related to screwdrivers such as handles, rods and magnetizer\u00a0tips, adapters.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. wrench accessories and supplies. a set of accessories and spare items which is related to wrenches such as extensions to double offset ring wrenches, pins and telescopic levers to tubular wrenches, etc.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. socket attachments and accessories. these commodities are intended to enhance the use of manual sockets such as: adapters, extensions, security rings, joints, handles, springs, security pins, etc.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. drill bit case. an empty container or wrapping usually made of metal, plastic, wood or other material that is used to protect and organize drill bits. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. hand pipe threader case. an empty container or wrapping usually made of metal, plastic, wood or other material that is used to protect and order the pipe threaders.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. machine reamer. a tool designed to create or modify a very round and accurately sized hole.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. screwdriver bit set. a group of screwdriver bits of several kinds that are sold as an unit.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. hand reamer. a tool for enlarging or shaping a hole, for use on all materials where a hand operation and accuracy are desired, the tool is often larger and thinner than machine reamers.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. cutting disc. a circular tool attachment made of steel that is inserted into a rotating power tool. the attachment is a type of blade used for scorching and cutting ceramic, asphalt, marble or other materials.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. chisel bit. edge\u00a0tool bit with a flat steel blade with a cutting edge, attachment to power tools like chippers. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. guide drill bit. a drill bit with a guide included for a better and more precise perforation.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. hand drill bit for metal. high speed drill bit for accurate drilling in metal using hand drill. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. hand drill bit for wood. drill bit designed specifically for drilling in wood reducing the chipping, tear out, and burning caused by high-speed metal drill bits. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. hand drill bit for stone. drill bit designed specifically for drilling in stone and concrete. there are three different classifications of drill bits used for drilling into stone-soft, medium, and hard. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. lapping plate. a device that can be circular shape, rectangular shape or square shape made of various metallic materials. it enables easy abrasive actions with numerous narrow v shaped grooves or vertical grooves on the grinding surface.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. drill bit set. a standard collection or kit of different bits used in a drill. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. heat gun adapter. accessory piece that attaches to the nose of the heat gun.. "
"tool attachments and accessories. the comodities in this family are intended to enhance the use of a tool, and are include items such as: specialty bits and blades, as well as items used with tools like template sets, guards and drive guides. die case. carrying case for hydraulic compression dies.. "
"dispensing tools. . "
"dispensing tools. grease guns. "
"dispensing tools. industrial funnels. "
"dispensing tools. hand sprayers. "
"dispensing tools. resin guns. "
"dispensing tools. oil can. "
"dispensing tools. caulking guns. "
"dispensing tools. broadcast spreaders. "
"dispensing tools. oil gun. "
"dispensing tools. roofing mop. "
"dispensing tools.  portable waste oil storage. a type of equipment for temporary storage of waste oil of vehicle engine or transmission at motor repair shops.. "
"dispensing tools.  oil cup. a device used to supply a small quantity of oil to the lubrication section of machine, equipment and motor.. "
"dispensing tools.  oil changer. a type of equipment used to withdraw old used oil and replace it with new oil when replacing oil for engine, transmission and final reduction gear in accordance with the interval for replacement.. "
"dispensing tools.  oil lubricator. a device used to inject oil into transmission and final reduction gear of vehicle or construction machines. various types including pneumatic type, manual type and electric motor type.. "
"dispensing tools.  grease lubricator. a device used in injecting grease into vehicles or construction machines. two types: manual type and pneumatic type.. "
"dispensing tools.  natural gas dispenser. a type of equipment used to supply natural gas fuel to vehicles at natural gas refilling or service stations.. "
"dispensing tools.  liquid fuel dispenser or gasoline pump. a type of equipment for supply of liquid fuel to vehicles with gasoline or diesel engine.. "
"dispensing tools.  grease gun hose. a component or part on a tool used to apply lubricant through an aperture to a specific point, usually on a grease fitting or nipple.. "
"dispensing tools.  grease gun injector. a component on a tool used to apply lubricant through an aperture to a specific point, usually on a grease fitting or nipple.. "
"brushes. . "
"brushes. scratch brushes. "
"brushes. tube brushes. "
"brushes. applicator brushes. "
"brushes. stretcher brushes. "
"brushes. roofing brush. "
"pulling tools. . "
"pulling tools. fish tape. "
"pulling tools. fuse pullers. "
"pulling tools. fids. "
"pulling tools. stake pullers. "
"pulling tools.  spring expander. a type of equipment used to extend the spring to the required length.. "
"pulling tools.  slide hammer puller. a tool that attaches to an object needing to be pulled and transmits an impact force to the object without striking the object itself.  slide hammers typically consist of a long metal shaft with an attachment point at one end, a heavy weight that can slide along the shaft, and a stop for the weight to impact on the end opposite the attachment point.[. "
"tool kits. . "
"tool kits. general tool kits. "
"tool kits. bearing fitting tool kits. "
"tool kits. computer tool kits. "
"tool kits. electrician kits. "
"precision hand tools. includes hand tools used in precision industrial or commercial work excluding laboratory, scientific or medical work.. . "
"precision hand tools. includes hand tools used in precision industrial or commercial work excluding laboratory, scientific or medical work.. magnifying glass. a device containing two convex lenses which are used to produce a magnified image of an object. the lenses are usually mounted in a frame with a handle.. "
"precision hand tools. includes hand tools used in precision industrial or commercial work excluding laboratory, scientific or medical work.. bearing splitter. an automotive tool component or tool related to a bearing puller, which is a tool used to remove bearing sets from a rotating machine shaft or from a blind bearing hole. the most common application is removing a caged set of ball or tapered bearings from a rotating shaft, such as in a car\u2019s transmission.. "
