"electrical wire. . "
"electrical wire. heating wire. "
"electrical wire. fixture wire. "
"electrical wire. radio or television wire. "
"electrical wire. automotive or aircraft wire. "
"electrical wire. magnet wire. "
"electrical wire. trolley wire. "
"electrical wire. underground wire. "
"electrical wire. silicon asbestos sa wire. "
"electrical wire. copper wire. "
"electrical wire. copper clad aluminum wire. "
"electrical wire. copper steel wire. "
"electrical wire. bronze wire. "
"electrical wire. bare wire. "
"electrical wire. covered but not insulated wire. "
"electrical wire. insulated or covered wire. "
"electrical wire. inter connect wire. "
"electrical wire. kaptan wire. "
"electrical wire. polymide wire. "
"electrical wire. extension cord. "
"electrical wire. wire assembly. "
"electrical wire. hook up wires. "
"electrical wire. galvanized wire. "
"electrical wire. bus conductors. "
"electrical wire.  installation wire. wires used for installation purposes.. "
"electrical wire. heat resistant wire. "
"electrical wire.  drop wire. wire suitable for extending an open wire or cable pair from a pole or cable terminal to a building.. "
"electrical wire.  portable electrical cord. electrical cord with connectors on both ends that allow portability of connectivity.. "
"electrical wire.  tinned copper wire. copper wire that has been coated with tin to protect against corrosion.. "
"electrical wire.  brass wire. wire produced from brass - an alloy of copper and zinc.. "
"electrical wire.  rectangular wire. a wire made of copper with rectangular shaped inner core.. "
"electrical wire.  insulated winding wire. used as electrical wire.. "
"electrical cable and accessories. . "
"electrical cable and accessories. heating cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. submarine cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. control cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. signal cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. coaxial cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. fiber optic cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. aerial cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. network cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. bronze cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. bare cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. covered but not insulated cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. insulated or covered cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. building cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. power cable for direct burial. "
"electrical cable and accessories. telecommunications cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. triaxial cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. crosslinked polykaene cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. floropolymer cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. inter connect cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. kaptan cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. polymide cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. radio frequency rf cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. ribbon or flat cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. screened cables. "
"electrical cable and accessories. power cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. cable accessories. "
"electrical cable and accessories. outside plant coaxial cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. outside plant communications cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. outside plant telecommunications cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. copper cable. "
"electrical cable and accessories. cable reels. "
"electrical cable and accessories. power cord. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  outdoor fiber optics cable. fiber optic communications cable, which is used externally. this commodity includes products such as optical aerial telcommunication cable, direct burried fiber optic cable and underwater fiber optic cable.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  crimping materials. includes various shrinking/crimping muffs. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  combined or customized multi cables. multi-cables are composed of various quantities of coaxial, twinaxial, pairs and singles cabled together per customers specification, shielded and jacketed with various materials and colors.. "
"electrical cable and accessories. heat resistant cables. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  installation cables. cables used for installation purposes, in general.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  instrumentation cable. single/multi pair; shielded/non-shielded; 300/600 volts; stranded conductor; suitable for installation in trays, troughs, channels, conduit, wireway; itc/pltc types.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  bare steel reinforced electrical cable. type of electrical cable used in underground mining to supply power underground. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  bare aluminum electrical cable. type of cable used to supply power in underground mining. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  bare copper electrical cable. type of cable used to supply power in underground mining applications. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  trailing and mining machine cable. cable used to supply power to underground mining machinery.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  trailing and mining machine cable assembly. cable assemblies used to supply power to mining machinery with connection plugs installed.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  high voltage cable termination kit. this kit consists of high temperature resistant sleeves, which are mounted on the cable at the termination ends.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  high voltage cable joining kit. this kit consists of high temperature resistant sleeves, which are mounted on the cable.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  fiber optic cable assembly. a length of fiber optic cable that has been terminated with a connector, pigtail or other component.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  oil resistant so cable. so cable denotes a portable, oil-resistant cable comprised of 2 or more conductors, which can be used in both indoor and outdoor applications. this versatility allows so cable to be utilized in a variety of environments including commercial, residential and industrial facilities.the high stranding in so cable creates extra flexibility that further promotes its use in a wide variety of applications.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  electrical cord assembly. a cable for electricity that is designed for the terminal process to connect the ends of both sides or one end to the other item.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  toll cable. a cable which is used in relay between toll switches or between broadcasting stations.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  carrier frequency cable. a polyethylene dual insulated foam skin aluminum sheathed cable which is used on pulse code modulation line and cable used in the carrier frequency range.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  simplex and duplex fiber optic cable. an optical cable that is used for interior distribution of a building, such as wall, ceiling and others. the number of insulated conductors is 1 to 2, and this is frequently applied on the jumper code, the cable for connection between the terminal devices in the interior optical distribution box and connection between the interior optical transmission equipment.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  submarine fiber optic cable. an optical cable for seabed that is coated with the jute asphalt caco3 with the first and second iron wire external layer by having the external part with the lead cover, galvanized steel wire and others in consideration of external impact and water pressure for the purpose of installation in shallow seas.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  flame retardant fiber optic cable. an optical cable that is used in communication lines exposed to fire danger.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  aluminum conductor motion resistant transmission cable. bare aluminum conductor, steel reinforced motion-resistant cable used for overhead transmission lines.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  aluminum conductor quadruplex service drop cable. insulated cable with aluminum conductor, used to supply 3-phase power to service entrance.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  aluminum conductor duplex service drop cable. cable used primarily for 120 volt outdoor and overhead service applications.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  aluminum conductor underground service entrance cable. cable used for 600 volt service entrance applications requiring high-heat, moisture and sunlight resistance.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  aluminum conductor service entrance cable. a 600 volt aluminum conductor, polyethylene insulated service entrance cable.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  single aluminum conductor service cable. a 600 volt high-heat and moisture-resistant cable primarily used in conduit or raceways.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  aluminum conductor polyethylene covered line wire. primarily used for overhead secondary distribution lines. installed on insulators, treated as a bare conductor.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  aluminum triplex service drop cable. insulated aluminum conductor cable, used to supply power to users service head.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  communication cable assembly. a communication cable that is manufactured to connect to equipment with different each end or both ends.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  backplane input output cable. electrical cable which affixes to the backplane (as opposed to the front) of an i/o modular chassis.. "
"electrical cable and accessories.  cord/cable management device. a device to store, manage, control, organize, or otherwise protect cords, cables, cord sets, extension cords, audio cables.. "
"wiring harness. . "
"wiring harness. panel wiring harness. "
"wiring harness. trunk wiring harness. "
"wiring harness. communication wiring harness. "
"wiring harness. specialty wiring harness. "
"wiring harness.  coaxial assembly. wiring harness components containing coaxial cable. "
"wiring harness.  flat flexible cable assembly. ribbon or other flat configuration cable or wire assembly. "
"wiring harness.  battery cable assembly. wiring or cable assembly for connection to automotive vehicle battery. "
"wiring harness.  coiled cord assembly. wiring assembly configured as extendable coil. "
"wiring harness.  oxygen sensor wiring harness. wiring harness for connection to vehicle oxygen sensor. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. . "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class a automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 85 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class b automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 100 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class c automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 125 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class d automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 150 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class e automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 175 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class f automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 200 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class g automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40to plus 225 degrees c range. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 60 volt class h automotive cable. a single core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 250 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class a automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 85 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class b automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 100 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class c automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 125 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class d automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 150 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class e automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 175 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class f automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 200 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class g automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40to plus 225 degrees c range. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. single core 600 volt class h automotive cable. a single core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 250 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class a automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 85 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class b automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 100 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class c automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 125 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class d automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 150 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class e automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 175 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class f automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 200 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class g automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40to plus 225 degrees c range. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 60 volt class h automotive cable. a multi core 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 250 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class a automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 85 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class b automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 100 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class c automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 125 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class d automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 150 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class e automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 175 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class f automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 200 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class g automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40to plus 225 degrees c range. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core 600 volt class h automotive cable. a multi core 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 250 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class a automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 85 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class b automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 100 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class c automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 125 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class d automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 150 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class e automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 175 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class f automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 200 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class g automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40to plus 225 degrees c range. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 60 volt class h automotive cable. a braided 60 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 250 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class a automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 85 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class b automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 100 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class c automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 125 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class d automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 150 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class e automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 175 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class f automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 200 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class g automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40to plus 225 degrees c range. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. braided 600 volt class h automotive cable. a braided 600 volt automotive cable that operates within the minus 40degree to plus 250 degree centigrade range.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core screened 60 volt automotive cable. a type of automotive cable screened with aluminum foil and or copper braid around each of the conductors in the cable and or around the entire cable to screen electromagnetic interference.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. multi core screened 600 volt automotive cable. a type of automotive cable screened with aluminum foil and or copper braid around each of the conductors in the cable and or around the entire cable to screen electromagnetic interference.. "
"automotive cable. various cable types used in the manufacture of automotive systems. ignition core automotive cable. a cable of specialized construction generally consisting of conductive and non conductive materials used for transmitting high voltage electricity to the cylinders of automotive engines.. "
