"bituminous derivatives., ."
"bituminous derivatives., coal tar."
"bituminous derivatives., creosote."
"bituminous derivatives., bitumen."
"asphalts., ."
"asphalts., asphalt."
"asphalts., pitch."
"asphalts., gilsonite."
"asphalts., cutback products."
"asphalts., manhole frames with covers."
"road and railroad construction materials., ."
"road and railroad construction materials., geomesh."
"road and railroad construction materials., geotextile."
"road and railroad construction materials., bridge rail."
"road and railroad construction materials., concrete slab."
"road and railroad construction materials., paving slab."
"road and railroad construction materials., concrete curb."
"road and railroad construction materials., noise protection board."
"road and railroad construction materials., brick tile."
"road and railroad construction materials., ungraded crushed rock."
"road and railroad construction materials., paving stone."
"road and railroad construction materials., natural curbstone."
"road and railroad construction materials., post cover., device applied to public facilities such as electric posts or lamp posts to prevent attachment of advertisements including stickers, or posters."
"road and railroad construction materials., manhole cover., a manhole cover that enables people to have access to various underground facilities including water supply and sewerage pipeline in order to perform inspection, repair and cleaning.."
"road and railroad construction materials., manhole box., a structure or hole on the road surface designed to enable people to have access to underground.."
"road and railroad construction materials., bridge expansion joint., a type of equipment that enables structures to withstand contraction under temperature change, concrete creep, dehydration contraction, live load, death load, or rotating displacement of the structure in the zone where the upper structure of the road and bridge is linked or the zone connected to the upper structure.."
"road and railroad construction materials., bridge seat mounting., a type of equipment used to distribute the load generated by impact, expansion and contraction that acts on the upper structure of bridge onto the lower structures of the bridge.."
"road and railroad construction materials., guardrail., a steel fence or facility that is installed between the traffic lane and pedestrian path to protect the latter from traffic accidents.."
"road and railroad construction materials., safety fence and net for rock drop., a safety net or fence that is installed at places with risk of falling rock., it works by connecting the part between the column and column with wire rope, wire net and others.."
"road and railroad construction materials., safety separator for road., a road safety facility that is used to separate roadways, and protect road side structures., can be made of rubber, plastic, concrete, ironwork and others.."
"road and railroad construction materials., drain pipe odor suppression device., device installed at lower end of grating and entrance of drain pipe to prevent bad odor, insects from coming in."
"road and railroad construction materials., drainage earth and sand barrel., specialized barrel installed in drainage and manhole system to filter earth and sand, waste and other similar materials."
"landscape architecture materials., materials that beautify landscape.these include tree grating, a rod for tree protection, etc.. ."
"landscape architecture materials., materials that beautify landscape.these include tree grating, a rod for tree protection, etc.. tree grating., a protective cover surrounding the trunk of a tree.."
"landscape architecture materials., materials that beautify landscape.these include tree grating, a rod for tree protection, etc.. tree protection rod., a prop installed to support a tree beside the street or a fruit tree which exposed to high wind.."
"landscape architecture materials., materials that beautify landscape.these include tree grating, a rod for tree protection, etc.. artificial turf., an artificial grass made with synthetic textile.."
"soil stabilizers and reinforcing materials., materials to improve the physical and or chemical properties of soil by changing the coupling of soil particles or volume of void between the particles, and reinforcement material used to reinforce support capacity at the time of establishment of weak foundation or inclined surface and at the time of establishment of retaining wall with reinforced earth.. ."
"soil stabilizers and reinforcing materials., materials to improve the physical and or chemical properties of soil by changing the coupling of soil particles or volume of void between the particles, and reinforcement material used to reinforce support capacity at the time of establishment of weak foundation or inclined surface and at the time of establishment of retaining wall with reinforced earth.. soil stabilizer., a material that improves the physical and or chemical properties of soil., applied as an organic powder to stabilize in combination of soil particles.."
"specialized external flooring and paving materials., paving materials for flooring outside of buildings., they include urethane flooring, painted flooring, elastic flooring, non skid paving materials, etc.. ."
"specialized external flooring and paving materials., paving materials for flooring outside of buildings., they include urethane flooring, painted flooring, elastic flooring, non skid paving materials, etc.. elastic sheet exterior paving material., elastic paving material produced as a roll of sheet., material is rubber, synthetic rubber, urethane, etc.."
"specialized external flooring and paving materials., paving materials for flooring outside of buildings., they include urethane flooring, painted flooring, elastic flooring, non skid paving materials, etc.. exterior permeable aggregate flooring material., floor paving material in porous structure, which is made with a mix of aggregate and binding material to enhance permeability., permeable concrete using cement is classified seperately.."
"specialized external flooring and paving materials., paving materials for flooring outside of buildings., they include urethane flooring, painted flooring, elastic flooring, non skid paving materials, etc.. painted or coated exterior flooring., flooring that is painted or coated with various chemical materials for chemical resistance, wear resistance, shock resistance, etc., depending on its purpose., urethane and epoxy are commonly used., they are commonly used in underground parking lot or as external fragmental painting flooring., \"painting flooring for stadiums track is excluded..\""
"specialized external flooring and paving materials., paving materials for flooring outside of buildings., they include urethane flooring, painted flooring, elastic flooring, non skid paving materials, etc.. non skid exterior paving material., used on areas with high slope or on a sharp curve to prevent skidding., it is made with a mix of epoxy, non-skid aggregate(steel slag, silica, etc)."
