"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. . "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. astm colorimetric standards. in this classification, this entry connotes a colorimetric standard that incorporates the astm color index.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. cobaltous chloride colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of cobaltous chloride, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. cupric sulfate colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of cupric sulfate, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. ep colorimetric standards. in this classification, this entry connotes a colorimetric standard that incorporates the ep color index.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. ferric chloride colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of ferric chloride, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. gardner colorimetric standards. in this classification, this entry connotes a colorimetric standard that incorporates the gardner color index.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid a colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid a, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid b colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid b, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid c colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid c, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid d colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid d, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid e colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid e, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid f colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid f, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid g colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid g, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid h colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid h, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid i colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid i, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid j colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid j, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid k colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid k, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid l colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid l, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid m colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid m, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid n colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid n, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid o colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid o, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid p colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid p, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid q colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid q, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid r colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid r, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid s colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid s, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. matching fluid t colorimetric preparation. in this classification, this entry connotes a standardized preparation made of matching fluid t, used in a colorimetric clinical laboratory test.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. platinum-cobalt colorimetric standards. in this classification, this entry connotes a colorimetric standard that incorporates the platinum-cobalt color index.. "
"clinical laboratory colorimetric standards. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with clinical colorimteric laboratory procedures.. usp colorimetric standards. in this classification, this entry connotes a colorimetric standard that incorporates the usp color index.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. . "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. general purpose laboratory equipment labeled or promoted for a specific medical use. in this classification a general purpose laboratory equipment labeled or promoted for a specific medical use is a device that is intended to prepare or examine specimens from the human body and that is labeled or promoted for a specific medical use us fda regulates general purpose laboratory equipment labeled or promoted for a specific medical use under 21 cfr 862.2050 and under fda product code lxg.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. calculator/data processing module for clinical use. in this classification a calculator/data processing module for clinical use is an electronic device intended to store, retrieve, and process laboratory data us fda regulates calculator/data processing module for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2100 and under fda product code jqp.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. centrifugal chemistry analyzer for clinical use. in this classification a centrifugal chemistry analyzer for clinical use is an automatic device intended to centrifugally mix a sample and a reagent and spectrophotometrically measure concentrations of the sample constituents. this device is intended for use in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of analytes us fda regulates centrifugal chemistry analyzer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2140 and under fda product code jjg.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. continuous flow sequential multiple chemistry analyzer for clinical use. in this classification a continuous flow sequential multiple chemistry analyzer for clinical use is a modular analytical instrument intended to simultaneously perform multiple chemical procedures using the principles of automated continuous flow systems. this device is intended for use in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of analytes us fda regulates continuous flow sequential multiple chemistry analyzer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2150 and under fda product code jjc.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use. in this classification a discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use is a device intended to duplicate manual analytical procedures by performing automatically various steps such as pipetting, preparing filtrates, heating, and measuring color intensity. this device is intended for use in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of analytes us fda regulates discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2160 and under fda product code jje.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. micro chemistry analyzer for clinical use. in this classification a micro chemistry analyzer for clinical use is a device intended to duplicate manual analytical procedures by performing automatically various steps such as pipetting, preparing filtrates, heating, and measuring color intensity. the distinguishing characteristic of the device is that it requires only micro volume samples obtainable from pediatric patients us fda regulates micro chemistry analyzer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2170 and under fda product code jjf.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. chromatographic separation material for clinical use. in this classification a chromatographic separation material for clinical use is a device accessory intended for use in ion exchange chromatography, a procedure in which a compound is separated from a solution us fda regulates chromatographic separation material for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2230 and under fda product code djy.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. gas liquid chromatography system for clinical use. in this classification a gas liquid chromatography system for clinical use is a device intended to separate one or more drugs or compounds from a mixture. each of the constituents in a vaporized mixture of compounds is separated according to its vapor pressure us fda regulates gas liquid chromatography system for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2250 and under fda product code dlg.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. high pressure liquid chromatography system for clinical use. in this classification a high pressure liquid chromatography system for clinical use is a device intended to separate one or more drugs or compounds from a solution by processing the mixture of compounds (solutes) through a column packed with materials of uniform size (stationary phase) under the influence of a high pressure liquid (mobile phase) us fda regulates high pressure liquid chromatography system for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2260 and under fda product code ldm.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. thin-layer chromatography system for clinical use. in this classification a thin-layer chromatography (tlc) system for clinical use is a device intended to separate one or more drugs or compounds from a mixture. the mixture of compounds is absorbed onto a stationary phase or thin layer of inert material (e.g., cellulose, alumina, etc.) and eluted off by a moving solvent (moving phase) until equilibrium occurs between the two phases us fda regulates thin-layer chromatography system for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2270 and under fda product code kzs.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. colorimeter, photometer, or spectrophotometer for clinical use. in this classification a colorimeter, a photometer, or a spectrophotometer for clinical use is an instrument intended to measure radiant energy emitted, transmitted, absorbed, or reflected under controlled conditions. the device may include a monochromator to produce light of a specific wavelength us fda regulates colorimeter, photometer, or spectrophotometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2300 and under fda product code jjq.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. clinical sample concentrator. in this classification a clinical sample concentrator is a device intended to concentrate (by dialysis, evaporation, etc.) serum, urine, cerebrospinal fluid, and other body fluids before the fluids are analyzed us fda regulates clinical sample concentrator under 21 cfr 862.2310 and under fda product code jjh.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. beta or gamma counter for clinical use. in this classification a beta or gamma counter for clinical use is a device intended to detect and count beta or gamma radiation emitted by clinical samples. clinical samples are prepared by addition of a radioactive reagent to the sample. these measurements are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders us fda regulates beta or gamma counter for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2320 and under fda product code jjj.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. densitometer/scanner (integrating, reflectance, tlc, or radio chromatogram) for clinical use. in this classification a densitometer/scanner (integrating, reflectance, thin-layer chromatography, or radio chromatogram) for clinical use is device intended to measure the concentration of a substance on the surface of a film or other support media by either a photocell measurement of the light transmission through a given area of the medium or, in the case of the radio chromatogram scanner, by measurement of the distribution of a specific radio-active element on a radio chromatogram us fda regulates densitometer/scanner (integrating, reflectance, tlc, or radio chromatogram) for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2400 and under fda product code jqt.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. electrophoresis apparatus for clinical use. in this classification an electrophoresis apparatus for clinical use is a device intended to separate molecules or particles, including plasma proteins, lipoproteins, enzymes, and hemoglobulins on the basis of their net charge in specified buffered media. this device is used in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of analytes as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of certain disorders us fda regulates electrophoresis apparatus for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2485 and under fda product code jjn.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. enzyme analyzer for clinical use. in this classification an enzyme analyzer for clinical use is a device intended to measure enzymes in plasma or serum by nonkinetic or kinetic measurement of enzyme-catalyzed reactions. this device is used in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of enzymes as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of certain enzyme-related disorders us fda regulates enzyme analyzer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2500 and under fda product code jji.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. flame emission photometer for clinical use. in this classification a flame emission photometer for clinical use is a device intended to measure the concentration of sodium, potassium, lithium, and other metal ions in body fluids. abnormal variations in the concentration of these substances in the body are indicative of certain disorders (e.g., electrolyte imbalance and heavy metal intoxication) and are, therefore, useful in diagnosis and treatment of those disorders us fda regulates flame emission photometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2540 and under fda product code jjo.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. fluorometer for clinical use. in this classification a fluorometer for clinical use is a device intended to measure by fluorescence certain analytes. fluorescence is the property of certain substances of radiating, when illuminated, a light of a different wavelength. this device is used in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of analytes us fda regulates fluorometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2560 and under fda product code kho.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems. in this classification instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems is a device intended to measure and sort multiple signals generated by an assay from a clinical sample. this instrumentation is used with a specific assay to measure multiple similar analytes that establish a single indicator to aid in diagnosis. such instrumentation may be compatible with more than one specific assay. the device includes a signal reader unit, and may also integrate reagent handling, hybridization, washing, dedicated instrument control, and other hardware components, as well as raw data storage mechanisms, data acquisition software, and software to process detected signals us fda regulates instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems under 21 cfr 862.2570 and under fda product code nsu.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. microtitrator for clinical use. in this classification a microtitrator for clinical use is a device intended for use in micronanalysis to measure the concentration of a substance by reacting it with a measure \"micro\" volume of a known standardized solution us fda regulates microtitrator for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2680 and under fda product code jra.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. nephelometer for clinical use. in this classification a nephelometer for clinical use is a device intended to estimate the concentration of particles in a suspension by measuring their light scattering properties (the deflection of light rays by opaque particles in their path). the device is used in conjunction with certain materials to measure the concentration of a variety of analytes us fda regulates nephelometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.270 and under fda product code jqx.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. plasma oncometer for clinical use. in this classification a plasma oncometer for clinical use is a device intended to measure plasma oncotic pressure, which is that portion of the total plasma osmotic pressure contributed by protein and other molecules too large to pass through a specified semipermeable membrane. because variations in plasma oncotic pressure are indications of certain disorders, measurements of the variations are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of these disorders us fda regulates plasma oncometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2720 and under fda product code jjk.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. osmometer for clinical use. in this classification an osmometer for clinical use is a device intended to measure the osmotic pressure of body fluids. osmotic pressure is the pressure required to prevent the passage of a solution with a lesser solute concentration into a solution with greater solute concentration when the two solutions are separated by a semipermeable membrane. the concentration of a solution affects its osmotic pressure, freezing point, and other physiochemical properties. osmometers determine osmotic pressure by methods such as the measurement of the freezing point us fda regulates osmometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2730 and under fda product code jjm.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. pipetting and diluting system for clinical use. in this classification a pipetting and diluting system for clinical use is a device intended to provide an accurately measured volume of liquid at a specified temperature for use in certain test procedures. this generic type of device system includes serial, manual, automated, and semi-automated dilutors, pipettors, dispensers, and pipetting stations us fda regulates pipetting and diluting system for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2750 and under fda product code jqw.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. refractometer for clinical use. in this classification a refractometer for clinical use is a device intended to determine the amount of solute in a solution by measuring the index of refraction (the ratio of the velocity of light in a vacuum to the velocity of light in the solution). the index of refraction is used to measure the concentration of certain analytes (solutes), such a plasma total proteins and urinary total solids.\u00a0 us fda regulates refractometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2800 and under fda product code jre.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. atomic absorption spectrophotometer for clinical use. in this classification an atomic absorption spectrophotometer for clinical use is a device intended to identify and measure elements and metals (e.g., lead and mercury) in human specimens. the metal elements are identified according to the wavelength and intensity of the light that is absorbed when the specimen is converted to the atomic vapor phase us fda regulates atomic absorption spectrophotometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2850 and under fda product code jxr.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. mass spectrometer for clinical use. in this classification a mass spectrometer for clinical use is a device intended to identify inorganic or organic compounds (e.g., lead, mercury, and drugs) in human specimens by ionizing the compound under investigation and separating the resulting ions by means of an electrical and magnetic field according to their mass us fda regulates mass spectrometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2860 and under fda product code dop.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. automated urinalysis system. in this classification an automated urinalysis system is a device intended to measure certain of the physical properties and chemical constituents of urine by procedures that duplicate manual urinalysis systems. this device is used in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of urinary analytes us fda regulates automated urinalysis system under 21 cfr 862.2900 and under fda product code kqo.. "
"clinical laboratory instruments. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. plasma viscometer for clinical use. in this classification aaplasma viscometer for clinical use is a device intended to measure the viscosity of plasma by determining the time period required for the plasma to flow a measured distance through a calibrated glass tube. measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor changes in the amount of solids present in plasma in various disorders us fda regulates plasma viscometer for clinical use under 21 cfr 862.2920 and under fda product code jjl.. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. . "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. acetaminophen test system. in this classification, a acetaminophen test system is a device intended to measure acetaminophen for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates acetaminophen test system under 21 cfr 862.3030 and under fda product code ldp. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. amikacin test system. in this classification, a amikacin test system is a device intended to measure amikacin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates amikacin test system under 21 cfr 862.3035 and under fda product code\u00a0klp. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. alcohol test system. in this classification, a alcohol test system is a device intended to measure alcohol for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates alcohol test system under 21 cfr 862.3040 and under fda product code\u00a0dls. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. breath-alcohol test system. in this classification, a breath-alcohol test system is a device intended to measure breath-alcohol for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates breath-alcohol test system under 21 cfr 862.3050 and under fda product code\u00a0djz. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. breath nitric oxide test system. in this classification, a breath nitric oxide test system is a device intended to measure breath nitric oxide for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates breath nitric oxide test system under 21 cfr 862.3080 and under fda product code\u00a0mxa. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. amphetamine test system. in this classification, a amphetamine test system is a device intended to measure amphetamine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates amphetamine test system under 21 cfr 862.3100 and under fda product code djp. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. antimony test system. in this classification, a antimony test system is a device intended to measure antimony for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates antimony test system under 21 cfr 862.3110 and under fda product code\u00a0dne. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. arsenic test system. in this classification, a arsenic test system is a device intended to measure arsenic for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates arsenic test system under 21 cfr 862.3120 and under fda product code\u00a0dnz. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. barbiturate test system. in this classification, a barbiturate test system is a device intended to measure barbiturate for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates barbiturate test system under 21 cfr 862.3150 and under fda product code\u00a0dmf. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. benzodiazepine test system. in this classification, a benzodiazepine test system is a device intended to measure benzodiazepine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates benzodiazepine test system under 21 cfr 862.3170 and under fda product code jxm. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. clinical toxicology calibrator. in this classification, a clinical toxicology calibrator is a device intended to measure clinical toxicology calibratorfor clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates clinical toxicology calibrator under 21 cfr 862.3200 and under fda product code\u00a0dlj. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. carbon monoxide test system. in this classification, a carbon monoxide test system is a device intended to measure carbon monoxide for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates carbon monoxide test system under 21 cfr 862.3220 and under fda product code\u00a0jkt. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. cholinesterase test system. in this classification, a cholinesterase test system is a device intended to measure cholinesterase for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates cholinesterase test system under 21 cfr 862.3240 and under fda product code\u00a0dli. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system. in this classification, a cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system is a device intended to measure cocaine and cocaine metabolite for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates cocaine and cocaine metabolite test system under 21 cfr 862.3250 and under fda product code\u00a0dio. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. codeine test system. in this classification, a codeine test system is a device intended to measure codeine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates codeine test system under 21 cfr 862.3270 and under fda product code lad. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. clinical toxicology control material. in this classification, a clinical toxicology control material is a device intended to measure clinical toxicology control material for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates clinical toxicology control material under 21 cfr 862.3280 and under fda product code\u00a0dif. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. digitoxin test system. in this classification, a digitoxin test system is a device intended to measure digitoxin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates digitoxin test system under 21 cfr 862.3300 and under fda product code\u00a0dkq. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. digoxin test system. in this classification, a digoxin test system is a device intended to measure digoxin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates digoxin test system under 21 cfr 862.3320 and under fda product code\u00a0dka. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. diphenylhydantoin test system. in this classification, a diphenylhydantoin test system is a device intended to measure diphenylhydantoin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates diphenylhydantoin test system under 21 cfr 862.3350 and under fda product code\u00a0dip. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. drug metabolizing enzyme genotyping system. in this classification, a drug metabolizing enzyme genotyping system is a device intended to measure drug metabolizing enzyme genotypesfor clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates drug metabolizing enzyme genotyping system under 21 cfr 862.3360 and under fda product code\u00a0nti. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. ethosuximide test system. in this classification, a ethosuximide test system is a device intended to measure ethosuximide for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates ethosuximide test system under 21 cfr 862.3380 and under fda product code\u00a0dlf. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. gentamicin test system. in this classification, a gentamicin test system is a device intended to measure gentamicin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates gentamicin test system under 21 cfr 862.3450 and under fda product code dji. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. kanamycin test system. in this classification, a kanamycin test system is a device intended to measure kanamycin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates kanamycin test system under 21 cfr 862.3520 and under fda product code kxw. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. lead test system. in this classification, a lead test system is a device intended to measure lead for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates lead test system under 21 cfr 862.3550 and under fda product code\u00a0dof. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. lidocaine test system. in this classification, a lidocaine test system is a device intended to measure lidocaine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates lidocaine test system under 21 cfr 862.3555 and under fda product code\u00a0klr. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. lithium test system. in this classification, a lithium test system is a device intended to measure lithium for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates lithium test system under 21 cfr 862.3560 and under fda product code jii. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. lysergic acid diethylamide (lsd) test system. in this classification, a lysergic acid diethylamide (lsd) test system is a device intended to measure lysergic acid diethylamide (lsd) for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates lysergic acid diethylamide (lsd) test system under 21 cfr 862.3580 and under fda product code\u00a0dol. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. mercury test system. in this classification, a mercury test system is a device intended to measure mercury for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates mercury test system under 21 cfr 862.3600 and under fda product code\u00a0dph. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. methamphetamine test system. in this classification, a methamphetamine test system is a device intended to measure methamphetamine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates methamphetamine test system under 21 cfr 862.3610 and under fda product code\u00a0laf. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. methadone test system. in this classification, a methadone test system is a device intended to measure methadone for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates methadone test system under 21 cfr 862.3620 and under fda product code\u00a0djr. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. methaqualone test system. in this classification, a methaqualone test system is a device intended to measure methaqualone for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates methaqualone test system under 21 cfr 862.3630 and under fda product code\u00a0kxs. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. morphine test system. in this classification, a morphine test system is a device intended to measure morphine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates morphine test system under 21 cfr 862.3640 and under fda product code\u00a0djj. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. neuroleptic drugs radio receptor assay test system. in this classification, a neuroleptic drugs radio receptor assay test system is a device intended to measure neuroleptic drug radio receptors for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates neuroleptic drugs radio receptor assay test system under 21 cfr 862.3645 and under fda product code klt. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. opiate test system. in this classification, a opiate test system is a device intended to measure opiate for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates opiate test system under 21 cfr 862.3650 and under fda product code\u00a0djg. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. phenobarbital test system. in this classification, a phenobarbital test system is a device intended to measure phenobarbital for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates phenobarbital test system under 21 cfr 862.3660 and under fda product code lgq. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. phenothiazine test system. in this classification, a phenothiazine test system is a device intended to measure phenothiazine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates phenothiazine test system under 21 cfr 862.3670 and under fda product code\u00a0djq. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. primidone test system. in this classification, a primidone test system is a device intended to measure primidone for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates primidone test system under 21 cfr 862.3680 and under fda product code\u00a0djd. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. propoxyphene test system. in this classification, a propoxyphene test system is a device intended to measure propoxyphene for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates propoxyphene test system under 21 cfr 862.3700 and under fda product code\u00a0jxn. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. quinine test system. in this classification, a quinine test system is a device intended to measure quinine for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates quinine test system under 21 cfr 862.3750 and under fda product code\u00a0lal. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. salicylate test system. in this classification, a salicylate test system is a device intended to measure salicylate for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates salicylate test system under 21 cfr 862.3830 and under fda product code\u00a0dkg. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. sirolimus test system. in this classification, a sirolimus test system is a device intended to measure sirolimus for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates sirolimus test system under 21 cfr 862.3840 and under fda product code\u00a0nrp. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. sulfonamide test system. in this classification, a sulfonamide test system is a device intended to measure sulfonamide for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates sulfonamide test system under 21 cfr 862.3850 and under fda product code\u00a0dkw. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. cannabinoid test system. in this classification, a cannabinoid test system is a device intended to measure cannabinoid for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates cannabinoid test system under 21 cfr 862.3870 and under fda product code\u00a0lat. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. theophylline test system. in this classification, a theophylline test system is a device intended to measure theophylline for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates theophylline test system under 21 cfr 862.3880 and under fda product code\u00a0kls. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. tobramycin test system. in this classification, a tobramycin test system is a device intended to measure tobramycin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates tobramycin test system under 21 cfr 862.3900 and under fda product code\u00a0klb. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. tricyclic antidepressant drugs test system. in this classification, a tricyclic antidepressant drugs test system is a device intended to measure tricyclic antidepressant drugs for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates tricyclic antidepressant drugs test system under 21 cfr 862.3910 and under fda product code\u00a0lfg. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. vancomycin test system. in this classification, a vancomycin test system is a device intended to measure vancomycin for clinical toxicology purposes. us fda regulates vancomycin test system under 21 cfr 862.3950 and under fda product code\u00a0nij. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. whitefish allergenic extract. in this classification, this entry connotes an extract made of whitefish used in an immunological allergenic test.. "
"clinical toxicology test systems. in this classification, these entries connote the test systems used in association with clinical toxicological laboratory procedures. alfalfa allergenic extract. in this classification, this entry connotes an extract made of alfalfa used in an immunological allergenic test.. "
