"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. . "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. bench grinder. depending on the grade of the grinding wheel it may be used for sharpening cutting tools such as lathe tools or drill bits. alternatively it may be used to roughly shape metal prior to welding or fitting.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. surface grinding machine. a surface grinder has a head which is lowered, and the workpiece is moved back and forth past the grinding wheel on a table that has a permanent magnet for use with magnetic stock.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. internal grinding machine. internal grinders use a wheel to grind the inside diameter of a workpiece as the workpiece itself rotates.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. external grinding machine. external grinders grind the external surfaces of the workpiece as the workpiece itself rotates.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. centerless grinding machine. a type of grinding machine capable of precision grinding without the use of a work piece spindle.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. ultrasonic machine. a type of metal grinding machine in which an abrasive slurry freely flows between the workpiece and a vibrating tool.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. cylindrical grinding machine. a type of cylindrical grinding machine that is used for finishing the surface with high precision after rough grinding.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. knife grinding machine. a machine tool that grinds the edge of chisels and other woodworking tools.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. optical profile grinding machine. a type of grinding machine that precisely grinds the shape of the workpiece according to the design drawing projected on the attached screen.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. worm grinding machine. a type of grinding machine that grinds the tooth profile of the worm with the twisted tooth of one line or several lines of screw shape.. "
"metal grinding machines. grinders and grinding machines use an abrasive that is bonded to a wheel, belt or disc to remove material and improve surface finish.. buffing machine. a type of grinding equipment that is used when making the surface of the processed metal sleek or glossy. the buff that is loaded on the rotation axis is processed with high speed rotation by connecting it to the workpiece.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. . "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. abrasive jet machining equipment. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. electrochemical machine ecm. electrochemical machining is basically the reverse of electroplating. an electrolyte acts as current carrier, and the high rate of electrolyte movement in the tool-workpiece gap washes metal ions away from the workpiece (anode) before they have the chance to plate on the tool (cathode).. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. flame cutting machine. a device that focuses an intense flame causing high heat and used to cut metal.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. gear cutting tool. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. laser cutting machine. laser cutting machines use high-powered lasers to cut, scribe, or perforate a variety of materials in plate or sheet form.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. plasma cutting machine. plasma cutting machines melt an area with an arc, and then cut by a high-velocity, high-temperature ionized gas.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. sawing and cut-off machine. sawing and cut-off machines are used to cut raw material to specified lengths or sizes.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. water jet cutting machine. the force of a water jet acts like a saw and cuts a narrow groove into the material.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. metal band sawing machine. a machine that cuts metal by winding up and rotating a striped saw with a band shaped blade around the driving pulley and the driven pulley.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. metal shearing machine. a machine with blades, or rotary disks, for dividing plates or bars of metal.. "
"metal cutting machines. machines that either cut pieces of material into individual pieces or cut out shapes and/or contours into a piece of material.. threading machine. a cutter that works on making the screw shape in linear line on the round bars, such as pipe or bolt.. "
"metal cutting tools. . "
"metal cutting tools. boring tool. "
"metal cutting tools. broach. "
"metal cutting tools. countersink tool or counterbore tool. "
"metal cutting tools. drill carbide. "
"metal cutting tools. drills high speed steel. "
"metal cutting tools. hob cutter. "
"metal cutting tools. knives and skives. "
"metal cutting tools. pipe or tube cutter. "
"metal cutting tools. reamer. "
"metal cutting tools.  shaper cutter. cutters used during the shaping process in which the cutter travels along a straight path and the workpiece is stationary.. "
"metal cutting tools. shaving cutter. "
"metal cutting tools. solid milling cutter. "
"metal cutting tools. taps. "
"metal cutting tools. wire or cable cutter. "
"metal cutting tools.  taper pin reamer. a type of reamer manufactured with a taper of 1/4 per foot. they are used to ream holes into which standard taper pins will fit. the point of each reamer will enter the hole reamed by the next smaller size.. "
"metal cutting tools.  tower bolt reamer. a type of reamer designed for lining up bolt holes on cell phone towers, wind mills, and transmission towers.. "
"metal cutting tools.  pipe reamer. a type of reamer manufactured with a taper of 3/4 per foot.. "
"metal cutting tools.  shell reamer. a type of reamer designed to be used as a chucking reamer for reaming bearings and other similar work.. "
"metal cutting tools.  rod saw blade. carbide grit edged sawing wire cuts tile, glass, marble, hardened tool steel, fiber board, and many other hard to cut materials.. "
"metal cutting tools.  single angle cutter. a type of cutter designed for chamfering or beveling parts.manufactured in single right and left angle in 45\u00a1\u00e6 & 60\u00a1\u00e6.. "
"metal cutting tools.  side milling cutter. a type of cutter supplied in straight and staggered tooth form for light and heavy deep slot operations in steel and in most soft materials.. "
"metal cutting tools.  plain milling cylindrical cutter. a type of high speed cutter used for surface cutting and finishing in all types of materials.. "
"metal cutting tools.  shell end milling cutter. the cutters are used for face and slab milling in all types of materials.. "
"metal cutting tools.  convex cutter. a type of high speed steel cutter that is form-relieved for milling concave half circles in all types of materials.. "
"metal cutting tools.  concave cutter. a type of high speed steel cutter that is form-relieved for milling convex half circles in all types of materials.. "
"metal cutting tools.  corner rounding cutter. a type of cutter used to produce convex corner radii up to a quarter circle.. "
"metal cutting tools.  metal slitting saw. a type of saw used for general slotting and sawing applications.. "
"metal cutting tools.  t slot cutter. a type of cutter used for opening out the bottom of a previously milled slot to form a t-slot.. "
"metal cutting tools.  woodruff seat cutter. a type of cutter used for cutting the smaller woodruff keyseats.. "
"metal cutting tools.  dovetail cutter. a type of cutter used to produce dovetail slides for machine tool tables, jigs and fixtures. "
"metal cutting tools.  gear shaper cutter. a type of cutter used for chamfering, topping, protuberance, flat or fillet roots of gears.. "
"metal cutting tools.  jobber length drill. the most common type of drill. the length of the flutes is ten times the diameter of the drill, that is they will drill a hole that is 10d deep.. "
"metal cutting tools.  screw machine drill. a type of drill that excels at delivering better hole accuracy and longer tool life, even in use on difficult materials such as stainless steel or in heavy duty applications such as truck or mobile home bodies.. "
"metal cutting tools.  silver and deming drill. a type of drill used extensively in maintenance departments, machine shops, and in construction environments. silver and deming drills are perfect for portable drilling and drill presses where the chuck capacity is 1/2.also called blacksmith drills or prentice drills (canada).all s&d drills are 6 overall length with 3 flute length.. "
"metal cutting tools.  extra length or longboy drill. a type of drill designed for general purpose drilling in deep hole applications where a 9 to 13 flute length is required.. "
"metal cutting tools.  carbide tipped hole cutter. a type of cutter best for cutting sheet metal, including stainless steel up to 1/8 thick.. "
"metal cutting tools.  taper shank drill. a type of drill designed for maximum performance when drilling a wide variety of materials where the driving machinery has a taper shank arbor or spindle.. "
"metal cutting tools.  multi step drill. a type of drill that automatically deburs the drilled hole. non-slipping point does not require a pilot hole and drills material up to 1/8 thick accurately and cleanly.. "
"metal cutting tools.  mult step hex step drill. a type of drill that contains an entire drill set in one cutting tool.especially useful for professional electricians and sheet metal contractors.. "
"metal cutting tools.  speed threader. a type of ready-to-use combination die/die-stock for repairing external threads on bolts and threaded rod.. "
"metal cutting tools.  hex shank reamer. short length bridge reamer seven inches long.. "
"metal cutting tools.  carbon dioxide laser. a cutting tool that uses a continuous wave carbon dioxide laser beam.. "
"metal cutting tools.  straight shank chucking reamer. a cutting tool that is used to polish drilled holes to precise dimension by biting on the chuck, and the shape of shank of reamer is straight line.. "
"metal cutting tools.  adjustable reamer. a reamer that can be adjusted to desired dimension by adjusting the nut with a set of 3 to 8 cutting blades in the main body of the reamer.. "
"metal cutting tools.  taper shank chucking reamer. a cutting tool that is used to polish drilled holes to precise dimension by biting on the chuck, and the shape of shank of reamer is tapered.. "
"metal deburring machines. machines that remove burrs from workpieces through mechanical means. burrs are thin ridges that develop along the edges of a workpiece from shearing sheet materials, trimming forgings and castings, and machining.. . "
"metal deburring machines. machines that remove burrs from workpieces through mechanical means. burrs are thin ridges that develop along the edges of a workpiece from shearing sheet materials, trimming forgings and castings, and machining.. shot blasting machine. machines with abrasive materials (usually sand) are propelled by a high-velocity jet of air, or by a rotating wheel, onto the surface of the workpiece. shot blasting is particularly useful in deburring metallic and nonmetallic materials and stripping, cleaning, and removing surface oxides.. "
"metal deburring machines. machines that remove burrs from workpieces through mechanical means. burrs are thin ridges that develop along the edges of a workpiece from shearing sheet materials, trimming forgings and castings, and machining.. thermal energy deburring machine. the part is placed in a chamber, which is then injected with a mixture of natural gas and oxygen. this mixture is ignited, and a heat wave is produced that heats up the burrs and melts them away.. "
"metal deburring machines. machines that remove burrs from workpieces through mechanical means. burrs are thin ridges that develop along the edges of a workpiece from shearing sheet materials, trimming forgings and castings, and machining.. vibratory or barrel finishing machine. machines used to improve the surface finish and remove burrs from large numbers of relatively small workpieces. specially shaped abrasive pellets or media are placed in a container along with the parts to be deburred and then the container is either vibrated or tumbled.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. . "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. drill press or radial drill. the workpiece is clamped securely and the drill is lowered manually by hand wheel or by power feed at preset rates. radial drills are larger drill presses.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. gang drilling machine. drilling machines with multiple spindles that are capable of drilling as many as 50 holes of varying size, depth, and location in a single step.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. gun drilling machine. drilling machine used for long holes such as those found in gun bores, gun drills are used. the length of the hole requires that coolant be delivered through the shaft of the gun drill to the cutting front.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. numerically controlled drilling machine. numerically controlled drilling machines in which various drilling operations are performed automatically and in the desired sequence with the use of a turret.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. rotary table drilling machine. single or multiple drill head, multiple work station rotating platen drilling machine. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. multiple spindle head drilling machine. a machine comprised of multiple spindles on same head capable of multiple drilling operations.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. radial arm drilling machine. a type of drilling machine with the drill head mounted on a radial arm and that can be freely rotated to allow a workpiece to be drilled at any point.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. deep hole drilling machine. a drilling machine that drills relatively deep holes with respect to the hole diameter.. "
"metal drilling machines. machines that are used for drilling holes, tapping, reaming, and other general-purpose, small-diameter boring operations.. bench drilling machine. a small vertical drilling machine that is installed on work table or bench.. "
"metal boring machines. machines that cut the inside of a drilled hole to enlarge its diameter.. . "
"metal boring machines. machines that cut the inside of a drilled hole to enlarge its diameter.. horizontal boring machine. a boring machine in which the spindle of the machine is oriented in the horizontal direction.. "
"metal boring machines. machines that cut the inside of a drilled hole to enlarge its diameter.. jig boring machine. jig boring is used to accurately enlarge existing holes and make their diameters highly accurate. jig boring is used for holes that need to have diameter and total runout controlled to a high degree.. "
"metal boring machines. machines that cut the inside of a drilled hole to enlarge its diameter.. metal broaching machines. machines that shape internal and external surfaces, such as holes of circular, square or irregular sections, keyways, teeth of internal gears, multiple spline holes, and flat surfaces.. "
"metal boring machines. machines that cut the inside of a drilled hole to enlarge its diameter.. internal broaching machine. broaching machines that enlarge or shape an existing hole by either pushing or pulling a broach through the hole. internal broach types include hole, keyway, internal gear, and rifling.. "
"metal boring machines. machines that cut the inside of a drilled hole to enlarge its diameter.. surface broaching machine. a type of broaching machine that shapes the surface of a material by using a surface broach. surface broach types include slab, slot, contour, dovetail, pot, and straddle.. "
"metal boring machines. machines that cut the inside of a drilled hole to enlarge its diameter.. vertical boring machine. a boring machine that has the main vertical shaft.. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. . "
"metal cutting machine attachments. bar or rod cutter. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. electrode holder. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. form relief. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. form tools or toolbits. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. indexable insert. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. indexable tool bodies or holders. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. insert carbide. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. insert ceramic. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. insert diamond. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. insert steel. "
"metal cutting machine attachments.  lathe turret. an attachment for a lathe consisting of a rotating cylindrical block holding various cutting tools.. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. metal cutting band saw blade. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. metal cutting circular saw blade. "
"metal cutting machine attachments.  steady rest. steady rests are placed on the bed of a lathe to support long and slender parts from deflecting under the cutting forces.. "
"metal cutting machine attachments.  tailstock. the tailstock, which can slide along the ways and be clamped at any position, supports the other end of the workpiece on a lathe.. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. tapping machine attachment. "
"metal cutting machine attachments. threading machine attachment. "
"metal cutting machine attachments.  knurling tool. this tool is used in conjunction with a lathe to emboss the ends of metal tubes and shafts. the embossed grooves may act as hand grips for the user or better traction for rubber or plastic covers. the knurling tool itself consists of multiple rotary cutters which are held against the metal shaft as it turns on the lathe at a relatively slow speed (500 rpm on average).. "
"metal cutting machine attachments.  lathe bit. a bite that has the processing blade for cutting in the lathe processing.. "
"metal cutting machine attachments.  machine table base. a table for metal working machines designed for easy setting of location of x-axis and y axis for precision work, such as boring, drilling, grinding and milling.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. . "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. bevel gear generator. machines used for cutting bevel gears. bevel gear teeth may be straight, spiral or bevel.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. gear hobbing machine. gear hobbing machines use a gear-cutting hob to cut the teeth of a gear. a gear-cutting hob is basically a worm or screw, made into a gear-generating tool by machining a series of longitudinal slots or gashes into it to form cutting teeth.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. gear honing machine. gear honing machines use a plastic gear impregnated with fine abrasive particles. the process is faster than grinding and is used to improve the surface finish.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. gear lapping machine. gear lapping machines further improve the surface finish from honing machines. the ground gear teeth are lapped using abrasive compounds with either a gear-shaped lapping tool or a pair of mating gears that are run together.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. gear shaping machine. gear shaping machines use a pinion-shaped cutter to create a gear. the cutter has an axis parallel to that of the gear blank and rotates slowly with the blank at the same pitch-circle velocity with an axial reciprocating motion.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. gear shaving machine. gear shaving uses a cutter in the exact shape of the finished tooth profile and removes small amounts of metal from the gear teeth.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. gear grinding machine. gear grinding machines finish the gears by grinding them with grinding wheels in the exact shape of the tooth spacing of the gears.. "
"gear manufacturing machines. gear cutting, forming, and finishing machines are used to cut, form, and finish gear teeth. they perform processes such as hobbing, milling, grinding, lapping, and deburring.. gear tooth chamfering machine. a machine that consistently removes the edges in accordance with the outline of the gear.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. . "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. automatic bar machine. all operations on these machines are performed automatically, with tools attached to a turret. the bar stock is fed forward automatically after each part is machined to finished dimensions and cut off. these machines may be equipped with single or multiple spindles.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. automatic lathe or chucking machine. a type of machine that may have a horizontal or vertical spindle and does not have tailstocks; also called chucking machine. it is used for machining individual pieces of regular or irregular shapes and is available in either single or multiple spindle types.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. horizontal turning center. a computer-controlled lathe or turning center with a horizontal spindle and several features including multiple turrets that hold a variety of tools and/or multiple spindles.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe. tracer lathes are machine tools with attachments that are capable of turning parts with various contours. the cutting tool follows a path that duplicates the contour of a template.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. turret lathe. turret lathes are capable of performing multiple cutting operations on the same workpiece, such as turning, boring, drilling, thread cutting, and facing. several cutting tools are mounted on the main turret, which is rotated for each specific cutting operation. after the part is machined, a tool mounted on a turret, called the square turret, which moves radially into the workpiece, cuts the part off.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. vertical turning center. a computer-controlled lathe or turning center with a vertical spindle and several features including multiple turrets that hold a variety of tools and/or multiple spindles.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. leadscrew. a large screw used to actuate precise movements of the tool or the work when performing cutting or grinding operations on a machine tool such as a lathe.. "
"lathes and turning centers. lathes and turning centers cut a rotating part with a stationary cutting tool. the tool moves parallel and perpendicular to the workpiece axis to provide the desired finished shape.. centering machine. a machine that is designed to find the central point on one or both sides of the workpiece prior to drilling and countersinking work to be turned on a lathe.. "
"machining centers. machining centers are computer-controlled machine tools capable of performing a variety of cutting operations on different surfaces and different directions on a workpiece.. . "
"machining centers. machining centers are computer-controlled machine tools capable of performing a variety of cutting operations on different surfaces and different directions on a workpiece.. horizontal machining center. a machining center with a horizontal spindle. horizontal machining centers are suitable for large as well as tall workpieces requiring machining on a number of surfaces.. "
"machining centers. machining centers are computer-controlled machine tools capable of performing a variety of cutting operations on different surfaces and different directions on a workpiece.. multi-tasking or universal machining center. machining centers that are equipped with both horizontal and vertical spindles. they have a variety of features and are capable of machining all surfaces of a workpiece (vertical, horizontal, and diagonal).. "
"machining centers. machining centers are computer-controlled machine tools capable of performing a variety of cutting operations on different surfaces and different directions on a workpiece.. vertical machining center. a machining center with a vertical spindle. vertical machining centers are suitable for performing various machining operations on flat surfaces with deep cavities, such as in mold and die making.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. . "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. bed milling machine. a type of milling machine where the table is mounted directly on the bed, which replaces the knee, and can move only longitudinally.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. bridge milling machine. bridge milling machines have a bridge over the fixed table and the crossbeam is fixed.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. column and knee milling machine. general purpose milling machine where the milling cutter may be horizontal for slab milling or vertical for face and end milling, boring, and drilling operations. the knee supports the saddle and gives the table vertical movement.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. gantry milling machine. gantry milling machines have a bridge over the fixed table, but the crossbeam moves.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. profiling and duplicating milling machine. profile milling machines have five-axis movements, three linear and two angular movements. duplicating milling machines reproduce parts from a master model by using tracer fingers.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. traveling column milling machine. horizontal or vertical milling machines with a cnc moving column and fixed table/bed.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. universal milling machine. a type of milling machine that can be used for either vertical or horizontal milling. the spindle head articulates to allow for either of type of milling.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. copy milling machine. a machine designed for milling profiles or relief contours --three dimensional milling-- on articles made of various materials by means of a cutting tool which reproduces on the article the surface or contour of a master device.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. turret milling machine. a type of vertical milling machine that has a stationary spindle and the table is moved both perpendicular and parallel to the spindle axis to accomplish cutting.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. planer style milling machine. a type of large milling machine that is built in the same configuration as planers except with a milling spindle instead of a planing head.. "
"metal milling machines. machinery designed for the complex shaping of metal (or possibly other materials) parts. milling machines can perform a vast number of complex operations, such as slot cutting, planing, drilling, rebating, routing, etc.. machine end mill. a bar shaped machine cutting tool used for groove cutting, side cutting, and contour cutting.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. . "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. beveling machine. a machine used for producing bevels. a bevel is a slant or angle on a surface. two adjoining surfaces, if not at right angles are beveled. bevel also has many industry-specific uses.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. burnishing machine. burnishing machines improve the surface finish of parts through a cold-working broaching process. burnishing removes no metal, instead it compresses and smoothes out fine surface irregularities and is used for soft, ductile materials.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. chamfering machine. a machine used for producing chamfers. a chamfer is a beveled edge connecting two surfaces. if the surfaces are at right angles, the chamfer will typically be symmetrical at 45 degrees. chamfers may be both exterior (cutting off an external angle) and interior(filling in an internal angle).. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. lapping machine. lapping machines improve the surface finish of parts by using a lap tool, which is typically made of cast iron, copper, leather, or cloth. lapping machines are used on flat, curved, cylindrical or spherical surfaces to improve the surface finish.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. metal polishing machine. polishing machines produce a smooth, lustrous surface finish on parts. polishing is done with disks or belts made of fabric, leather, or felt and coating with fine powders of aluminum oxide or diamond.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. skiving machine. skiving machines perform a shaving process, which removes extra material from parts using specially designed knives.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. super finishing machine. super-finishing machines are used to improve surface finish of parts by applying a very light pressure and having the stone move in a motion with short strokes.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. tool presetter. tool measuring and inspection systems that provide tool presetting functions prior to the tool being used in a specific machine. a tool presetter may use video cameras, manage tool assemblies for jobs running on machining centers and cells, allow cad files to be viewed on presetter, or run complex measuring routines.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. honing machine. a machine used to achieve very precise surface and geometry dimensions in non-gear applications by removing minute amounts of metal from the work piece.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. diamond bore sizing machine. a machine that utilizes diamond cutting tools to precisely achieve bore (internal diameter) sizes.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. notching machine. a metalworking machine that cuts off the edges or corners of the workpiece according to a predetermined dimension.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. metal engraving machine. a machine tool that cuts or engraves a design into a metal plate for subsequent use as a template for production.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. tapping machine. a machine tool that cuts female screws mechanically by using the tap on the straight hole drilled.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. key seating machine. a machine tool that is used to cut the keyway and key groove.. "
"specialized or miscellaneous metal cutting machines. specialized machines that only perform one operation or miscellaneous machines.. sheet metal grooving machine. a machine equipped with a steel bar used to hollow out a groove in the workpiece.. "
"tube mill machinery. machinery used in the forming and finishing of tubular components. . "
"tube mill machinery. machinery used in the forming and finishing of tubular components. folded tube mill machinery. machinery used in the fabrication and finishing of folded tubular components. "
"tube mill machinery. machinery used in the forming and finishing of tubular components. welded tube mill machinery. machinery used in the fabrication and finishing of welded tubular components. "
