"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. . "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. shopping mall. a group of buildings that house a large number of retail establishments. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. parking structure. a building or structure that is used for the rental of parking to the general public. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. cafeteria. a building used for dining purposes in which there is little or no waiting staff table service. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. shop building. buildings that house a single business engaged in direct sales. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. shopping center. a building that includes several shops. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. theater. a place where either movies or other performing art events are held. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. market. a place that allows buyers and sellers to exchange any type of goods, services and information. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. childrens play area or playground. a place with equipment and accessories used by children to play. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. zoo. aplace where exotic animals, birds, reptiles and insects are housed and maintained for the intent of public perusal. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. garden. a place where various botanicals are housed and maintained for the intent of public perusal. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. park. a section of land dedicated to publicly accessible leisure. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. waterside leisure facility. a section of land with a water feature dedicated to publicly accessible leisure. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. bank. a building where banking operations are conducted. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. ticket office. a place where tickets for various events are sold. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. artificial water fall. a man made water fall attraction. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. artificial rock and rockwall. a rock wall made from synthetic materials and synthetic rocks. "
"commercial and entertainment buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for either commercial or entertainment purposes. crematorium. a building where cremations are done. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. . "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. steel bridge. a structure that spans a body of water that is made predominantly of steel. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. dry dock. a place where ships and boats are brought to be repaired and maintained. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. bus station. a place where buses stop and congregate so passengers can embark and disembark. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. bus garage. a place where buses are repaired or maintained. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. automotive repair or servicing building. a building where automobiles are serviced and maintained. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. railway station. a place where trains stop and congregate so passengers can embark and disembark. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. railway depot. a centralized place for train lines to merge and for rolling stock to be stored. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. underground railway station. a place where underground trains stop and congregate so passengers can embark and disembark. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. tramway depot. a centralized place for tram lines to merge and for moving stock to be stored. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. tramway platform. a place where trams stop and congregate so passengers can embark and disembark. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. airport building. the buildings where by passengers and employees engage in the riding of airplanes. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. airport control tower. the centralized tower in an airport that controls the arrival and departure of all planes. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. airfield. the compendium of building structures and runways that are used for multiple airline operations. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. runway. a single strip dedicated to the departure and arrival of airplanes. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. quay or wharf. a structure built parallel to the bank of a waterway for use as a landing place.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. pier. a pier is a raised structure over water, typically supported by widely spread piles or pillars. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. dock. a structure on the water used for building or repairing or loading and unloading ships or ferries. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. marina. a harbor with wharfs keeping boats and yachts and with services for recreational boating. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. yacht harbor. a harbor that is especially sized to accommodate very large boats or yachts. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. breakwater. a structure constructed on coasts as part of coastal defense or to protect an anchorage from the effects of weather and long shore drift.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. seawall. a form of coastal defense constructed on the inland part of a coast to reduce the effects of strong waves.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. ferry terminal building. a centralized location where ferryboats dock to load and unload passengers. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. ro ro terminal. a specialized type of ferry terminal featuring roll on and roll off capabilities.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. lighthouse. a tower, building, or other type of structure designed to emit light that is used as an aid to navigation for pilots at sea or on inland waterways.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. road bridge. a bridge used to span a road for the purpose of allowing traffic to traverse the road. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. railway bridge. a bridge used to span an obstacle for the purpose of allowing railways to traverse the obstacle. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. footbridge. a bridge allowing pedestrians to span an obstacle while on a path. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. road viaduct. a bridge of several small spans used to span a road for the purpose of allowing traffic to traverse the road. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. railway viaduct. a bridge of several small spans used to span an obstacle for the purpose of allowing railways to traverse the obstacle. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. underpass. a part of a road or highway that travels underneath another road or obstacle. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. overpass. a part of a road or highway that travels above another road or obstacle. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. subway. an underground train system. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. culvert. a device used to channel water. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. road tunnel. an underground or underwater passageway for a road, completely enclosed except for openings for egress, commonly at each end.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. railway tunnel. an underground or underwater passageway for a railway, completely enclosed except for openings for egress, commonly at each end.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. pedestrian tunnel. an underground or underwater passageway for pedestrians, completely enclosed except for openings for egress, commonly at each end.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. canal tunnel. a tunnel for a canal.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. pedestrian overpass. a part of a pedestrian trail that travels above another road or obstacle. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. pipeline carrying bridge. a bridge that spans an obstacle for the benefit of a pipeline. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. pipeline. a group of connected pipes , completely connected except for openings for egress, commonly at each end.. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. pumping station. a location along a pipeline that pumps the content inside the pipes along a pipeline. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. sewage pumping station. a location along a sewage pipeline that pumps the content inside the pipes along a pipeline. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. sewage outfall. the part of a sewage pipeline from which the sewage exudes at the end into a collection area. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. parking lot. an outdoor piece of land dedicated to the parking of cars. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. motorway service area. a location inside a motorway where the vehicles involved in the event are serviced and maintained. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. bicycle parking rack. a structure where bicycle storage structures have been erected for use. "
"transport buildings and structures. buildings and structures that are used for transportation purposes. elevated roadway or highway. "
"public buildings and structures. . "
"public buildings and structures.  post office. a building used to house postal operations. "
"public buildings and structures.  police station. a building used to house police operations. "
"public buildings and structures.  court building. a building used to house judiciary operations. "
"public buildings and structures.  prison building. a building used to house prisoners for periods over 1 year. "
"public buildings and structures.  fire station. a building used to house fire department operations. "
"public buildings and structures.  ambulance station. a building where ambulances are stored and maintained. "
"public buildings and structures.  mountain rescue building. a building where mountain rescue services are housed and maintained. "
"public buildings and structures.  lifeboat station. a building where lifeboats are stored and maintained. "
"public buildings and structures.  coastguard building. a building where coastguard personnel and equipment are housed. "
"public buildings and structures.  rescue service station. a building where rescue service operations are housed and maintained. "
"public buildings and structures.  civic center. a building or structure where local government endowed activities and events are housed. "
"public buildings and structures.  art gallery. a building or structure where art is on display. "
"public buildings and structures.  prehistoric monument. a site where artifacts from prehistoric times are maintained and viewable. "
"public buildings and structures.  public changing room and shower facility. these are local government or publicly owned and maintained facilities for public use. they are most frequently near beaches and lakes. they have showers and toilets within the same facility and enable people to change from casual clothes into swim wear, swim, shower and change back into casual clothes.. "
"public buildings and structures.  public toilet facility. local government owned and maintained toilet block facilities for public use.. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. . "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. radar station. a building or structure where radar is used. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. substation. a building or structure used to house a minor component of a utility. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. nuclear power station. a power generating station based on nuclear power. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. water tower. a structure above ground used to hold large volumes of water for eventual use. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. well. a hole bored into the earth yielding water or other valuable liquids. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. mobile telephone base station. a mobile site where telephone equipment is located that provides cellular service. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. dam. a structure used to constrict and reserve water for planned future use. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. oil or gas platform. the rig used above ground or water to process the extraction of oil or gas from the earth or ocean. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. movable weir. a water level control structure similar to a small dam designed to regulate water flow volume by opening and shutting in accordance with the rise and fall of water level.. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. irrigation and flood control waterworks. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. aquaduct or other water supply conduit, except pipeline. "
"utility buildings and structures. buildings and structures used to provide various utility services. floating structure. structure which automatically floats in line with fixed pillars in the flood area.. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. . "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. polytechnic school. a high school level school focused on vocational trades. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. vocational college. a two year college focused on vocational trades. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. lecture theater. a lecture theater is a building or structure where lectures and presentations for large audiences are held. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. library. a building or structure with a vast collection of books and other artifacts useful in research. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. language laboratory. a building or structure with a vast collection of linguistic artifacts useful in the learning of multiple languages. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. laboratory building. a building where multiple laboratories co exist. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. meteorological station. a place where meteorological tests and reading are taken and recorded. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. research or testing facility. a building or group of buildings where divergent research and testing is conducted. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. elementary school. a school generally containing grades 1 through 6 or 1 through 5. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. junior high or middle school. a school generally containing grades 7 through 9 or 6 through 8. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. high school. a school generally containing grades 9 through 12 or 10 through 12. "
"educational and research buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for educational or research services. university. a school providing 4 year post secondary degrees. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. . "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. clinic. a small health facility that is devoted to the care of outpatients. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. nursing home. a place of residence for people who require constant nursing care and have significant health issue. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. operating room or theater. a tiered structure in which students and other spectators could watch surgeons perform surgery.. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. intensive care unit. a specialized department used in hospitals that provide intensive care of different kinds. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. diagnostic screening room. a room specifically purposed to screen for various diseases and maladies. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. fluoroscopy room. a room dedicated to the use of a fluoroscope imaging technique commonly used by physicians to obtain real-time moving images of the internal structures of a patient through the use of a fluoroscope. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. pathology room or laboratory. a room or laboratory dedicated to the analysis of diseases and causes of death. "
"hospital buildings and structures. structures and buildings used to provide hospital services. catheter room. a room dedicated to the use of catheters in various procedures. "
"accommodation buildings and structures. buildings or structures used to provide accommodations for others. . "
"accommodation buildings and structures. buildings or structures used to provide accommodations for others. residential home. buildings used for the housing of a single family. "
"accommodation buildings and structures. buildings or structures used to provide accommodations for others. flat or apartment. an instance of many single family residences in the same building. "
"accommodation buildings and structures. buildings or structures used to provide accommodations for others. childrens home. a building used for the permanent housing of children outside the family unit. "
"accommodation buildings and structures. buildings or structures used to provide accommodations for others. daycare center. a place where children are temporarily cared for on a daily basis. "
"accommodation buildings and structures. buildings or structures used to provide accommodations for others. retirement home. a place where people of a certain age live together rather than independently. "
"accommodation buildings and structures. buildings or structures used to provide accommodations for others. hostel. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. . "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. stadium. a place where organized sports can be attended and played. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. sports ground. a place that is composed of various fields specific to certain types of sport events. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. running track. a structure that is specifically built for the running of various track and field events. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. sports hall. a building or structure that commemorates a certain sport. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. spa. a place where various therapeutic procedures are done. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. gymnasium. a place with various types of equipment and accessories dedicated to various types of physical exertion and sports. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. swimming pool. a place with a pool to be utilized for swimming. "
"sports and health buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for sporting events or the provision of health services. water sports facility. "
"industrial buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for industrial purposes. . "
"industrial buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for industrial purposes. workshop. a building that houses cold machine and process space for various industrial procedures. "
"industrial buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for industrial purposes. cold storage installation. a building that houses cold storage space that is subdivided to the trade. "
"industrial buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for industrial purposes. warehouse store. a building that houses warehouse space that is subdivided to the trade. "
"agricultural and farming and fishing buildings and structures. . "
"agricultural and farming and fishing buildings and structures.  barn. a building used for the housing of various yard animals and or the storage of associated feed. "
"agricultural and farming and fishing buildings and structures.  cowshed. a building or structure used for the housing of bovines. "
"agricultural and farming and fishing buildings and structures.  irrigation channel. a water channel used for watering various agricultural and aquaculture needs. "
"agricultural and farming and fishing buildings and structures.  artificial reef. a structure made with concrete, metal and other materials that is dropped into the sea for the purpose of creating an environment where fish can swim.. "
"agricultural and farming and fishing buildings and structures.  marine transfer station. marine structure for temporary collection and storage of waste. "
"religious buildings and structures. buildings and structures used for religious purposes. . "
"religious buildings and structures. buildings and structures used for religious purposes. church. building or structure used for christian religious purposes. "
"religious buildings and structures. buildings and structures used for religious purposes. hindu temple. building or structure used for hindu religious purposes. "
"religious buildings and structures. buildings and structures used for religious purposes. mosque. building or structure used for islamic religious purposes. "
"religious buildings and structures. buildings and structures used for religious purposes. synagogue. building or structure used for jewish religious purposes. "
"religious buildings and structures. buildings and structures used for religious purposes. sikh temple. building or structure used for sikh religious purposes. "
"defense buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for defense related purposes. . "
"defense buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for defense related purposes. military bunker. reinforced or protective building or structure for the locating of military personnel. "
"defense buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for defense related purposes. barracks. building or structure for the sleeping and housing of military personnel. "
"defense buildings and structures. buildings or structures used for defense related purposes. military mess or mess hall. building or structure for the feeding of military personnel. "
