"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. . "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. graphics or video accelerator cards. a graphics accelerator is a computer microelectronics component to which a computer program can offload the sending and refreshing of images to the display monitor and the computation of visual effects. hardware (often an extra circuit board)to perform tasks such as plotting lines and surfaces in two or three dimensions, filling, shading and hidden line removal.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. memory module cards. memory is an electronic holding place for instructions or data, allowing quick access for microprocessors of communications, computer, or networking equipment. in a computer, memory usually contains operating system instructions and some or all of the application programs and related data that is being used.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. modem cards. a card that provides the capability of a modem. internal circuitry that converts computer data into sound that can be transmitted over phone lines.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. network interface cards. an adapter circuit board installed in a computer to provide a physical connection to a network. also called adapter cards or nic cards.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. optical network receive cards. a card that contains optoelectric circuitry that converts an incoming optical signal to and electrical signal.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. optical network transmit cards. a card that contains optoelectirc circuitry that converts an electrical signal to an optical signal.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. peripheral controller cards. a device that communicates between a computer and its peripherals. it is often a separate card that is connected to the computers bus(e.g. pci, isa, pcmcia) or built in to the motherboard. can be scsi, ide, etc.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. wireless network interface cards. wireless network interface cards provide a dedicated connection to a wireless network. this includes the bluetooth standard.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. switch ports or cards. a specific line into a switch, specified by shelf, slot, and port within that slot.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. peripheral component interconnect pci card. a card that is connected in a pci expansion slot or motherboard to increase the connectivity of the computer.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. pcmcia or pc card. a computer system card developed by a consortium of the same name: personal computer memory card international association (pcmcia). that is used in tablet pcs, laptop or notebook computers and other computing devices to allow wi-fi connectivity without necessity of cables.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. magnetic stripe card. a type of card capable of storing data by modifying the magnetism of tiny iron-based magnetic particles on a band of magnetic material on the card. the magnetic stripe, sometimes called a magstripe, is read by physical contact and swiping past a reading head.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. hard disk protector. an anti-modification device which protects a hard disk from modification of programs or data by other persons except for the administrator.it is designed to be installed in an isa slot of a computer.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. subscriber identity module sim card. a smart card that stores data for cellular telephone subscribers. the sim holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. it can be thought of as a mini hard disk that automatically activates the phone into which it is inserted.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. data acquisition board. a board that implements the analysis on the application software by converting the analog signal that is inputted from the sensor to the digital data.. "
"system cards. communications components that are inserted into slots to provide capabilties to the computing or networking device.. multimedia integrated board. a board that could undertake the integrated function with the built-in two or more of boards with the major function of multimedia, such as graphic, moving picture, television reception, sound, video, overlay, and modem function.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. . "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. asynchronous transfer mode atm telecommunications interface cards. interface that provides atm port capabilities within networking equipment. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. audio accelerator cards. sound cards designed to accessorize audio signal.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. central processing unit cpu processors. the central unit, or \"brains\" in a computer that contains the logic circuitry that performs the instructions of a computers programs.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. daughterboards. a printed circuit board that plugs into another circuit board (usually the motherboard). a daughtercard is similar to an expansion board, but it accesses the motherboard components (memory and cpu) directly instead of sending data through the slower expansion bus. processor cards belong to this catagory. includes processor cards.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. dispersion compensation fiber module dcfms. modules used in optical networks to compensate for the distortion in optical signals as they are transmitted through the network. during long haul transmission in optical fiber cable, signal light is attenuated and signal shape is distorted by chromatic dispersion inherent in the optical fiber. by remedying the attenuation and distortion at the optical amplifier and dispersion compensation module, a large capacity transmission becomes possible.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. exchange datacom modules. modules designed to transfer data to voice and voice to data in a telephony network.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. motherboards. a motherboard is the physical component in a computer that contains the computers basic circuitry and other components. on the typical motherboard, the circuitry is imprinted or affixed to the surface of a firm planar surface and usually manufactured in a single step.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. parallel port cards. parallel port cards are used for data transmission between input output devices and the cpu.data transmission is two way in nature at any point of time.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. video capture boards. input devices to convert raw video into a digital form that can be stored on in digital media accessible to a computer.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. musical instrument digital interface midi interfaces. a hardware specification and protocol used to communicate note and effect information between synthesisers,computers, music keyboards, controllers, and other electronic music devices. it is basically a high-speed serial connection with separate connections for midi in, midi out and midi through (to allow devices to be chained).. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. exchange component codec interfaces. interface that provides compression and decompression codec capabilities within networking equipment. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. serial infrared ports. devices that enable information technology equipment to communicate with infrared frequencies and protocols.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. print servers. print servers cache print requests to provide high volume printer sharing on a network. they can be added to a network system as an internal board or as a stand-alone external device.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. central processing unit coolers. device that provides a cooling mechanism to a processor, this may be in the form of fans and heatsinks designed specifically for cooling processors. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. console controller mainframe. the interface between the console and the mainframe.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. channel converter. a modulator/demodulator with many channels designed for different frequency ranges.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. channel to channel interface mainframe. an interface device used to connect two or more mainframe channels.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. control unit. a mainframe unit that monitors analog and digital inputs and conveys desired control signals to drive the system to which it is connected.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. coupler facility mainframe. a device used to couple different mainframe units.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. interface bus converter or controller. includes converters such as gpib converter simply translate the data from one bus type to another. for instance, a rs232 to gpib converter, translates the serial commands generated by the rs232 interface to gpib commands. many converters, are also controllers.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. fax boards. it is a loop-start interface, four-port fax board for medium to heavy fax traffic on a lan. it supports modems, ecm, advanced compression (mr and mmr), and bft. when combined with fax server software it can be used for lan fax broadcasting.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. audio conferencing boards. conferencing resource boards provide for building solutions that range from small party conferences for call centers, small business applications, and chat lines to large systems including collaboration servers, internet-based audio conferencing systems, and business audio conferencing solutions.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. voice boards. these boards are ideal building blocks for developers building cost-effective, highly scalable, voice applications for telephone networks or the internet.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. interface bus switches. an interface bus switch enables several controllers to share one or more devices, or lets a single controller operate multiple bus systems. an example is a gpib or general purpose interface bus.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. network packet data synchronization device. the syncronisation device is connected to digital links connecting network hardware. it ensures that the 2 ends of the network hardware are synchronised to avoid bit slips and loss. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. hardware or telephony adapters. electronic adapters to physically connect two or more devices. examples are parallel to serial or parallel to scsi converters; gender changers; usb, mouse, keyboard or memory stick adapters. also, telephony adapters such as handset or headset adapters.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. transceivers and media converters. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. personal computer television pc tv tuners. tv tuners are used to watch tv on a personal commputer. they could be plug-in cards (on pci bus) or external (usually on usb or hi-speed usb bus). they are similar to video capture boards but video capture boards can not capture tv signal.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. pc radio tuners. radio (usually fm) tuners used to listen to fm radio on a personal computer.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. small computer system interconnect scsi adapters. adapters providing scsi interface. scsi host based adapters could reside on pci (pci64 etc.), usb buses.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. redundant array of independent disks raid controllers. raid controllers provide scsi, ide/ata or serialata interfaces. the key difference from usual storage controllers that they allow to create drive arrays with variable level of redundancy.. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. fibre channel controller. controllers providing fibre channel interface to a personal computer or server. they are usually used for construction of sans (storage area networks).. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. serial port cards. "
"system boards processors interfaces or modules. communications components that provide input and output capabilities to a central processing unit.. coprocessor. a processor that is used for the purpose of assisting the central processing unit cpu from the computer system.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. . "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. computer chassis. a chassis is encloser designed to protect computer sub-assemblies or components. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. network equipment chassis. a network chassis or rack mount is usually modular and easily scalable, designed for efficiently grouping networking equipment and wiring. for example, a network chassis sits in the wiring closet and connects each data line to the network backbone. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. chassis stacking components. chassis peripheral used to hold physically connect a chassis to its components.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. electronic equipment bays or baskets. a component designed to hold a specific device within a chassis.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. expanders. a component of a chassis designed to provide a spacer between employ slots or spaces that a smaller component was used.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. removable drive frames. it is fixed in the hard disk tower in order to place and connect the removable drive tray to the computer.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. storage device trays or assemblies. these trays are used to hold the storage devices like hard drive , tape drives , tape libraries. these trays sometimes come with attachment like extension assembly or external axis assembly or expansion assembly units ,which makes the trays more flexible to accommodate additional storage units. expansion unit has control over all attached modules in the storage drive or library.this expansion unit allows the creation of a multi-module virtual library in a single rack mount configuration.the multi-unit configuration can also be disassembled at any time and each module redeployed independently to meet changes in backups. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. backplane or panels or assemblies. these are the enclosures for server or its parts . they come as screw-less plastic front panels, bottom panels, top panels, bottom panel and backplanes with door, and security door locks.these panels come with the slots to aid in assembling various peripheral controls of the networking equipment, server or computer. these panels sometimes comes as the combinational of one or more panels and are sold as panel assemblies.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. computer cradles. computer cradles are the mounting devices to the computer. different types of mounts are used secure different types of computers.this cradle includes adapters,cables and vibration resistant isolators.for palmtops these mounts comes with the usb cable along with its adapter and comes with the power adapter.palm computers are mounted on this cradle and this cradle enables the palm to connect to other computer for file or data or resource sharing.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. computer faceplates. face plates are the protective covering for the front of the computers or its components. they are available in various colors for monitors, speakers, cpu towers.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. console extenders. the console extender allows access to a computer system from a remote console (keyboard, monitor, and mouse). it is suitable for any kind of installations where the console needs to be kept in a conveniently accessible location, leaving the system equipment to reside in a safe place.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. drive bay cover kits. this commodity is used as a cover for the drive bay of the computer case. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. hard disk drive array towers. a tower for holding a group of hard disks.. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. card cages. "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. computer rack component. various accessories or components for computer racks (including rack shelves, panels, doors, conversion kits, etc.). "
"chassis components. components that are used to provide the casing and connections for information technology equipment.. computer cooling fan. a device that ventilates the heat compulsively manually or automatically not to damage the device by the heat generated for long time of operation for the equipment on the rack.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. . "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. floppy drives. a device with a read/write head for accessing removable magnetic recording media typically encased in flexible or hard shell covers known as floppy disks.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. hard disk arrays. a bundle of hard disks that are packaged together as one logical device.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. hard disk drives. a hard disk drive (hdd) is the mechanism that controls positioning, reading, and writing of data and furnishes the largest amount of data storage for a pc.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. tape arrays. a bundle of tape drives that are packaged together as one logical device. example: tape array is a rack mounted storage system consisting of multiple drives, cooling fans and powersupply which provide data backup for an enterprise.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. tape drives. a tape drive is the device that positions, writes from, and reads to the tape. tape is an external storage medium, usually both readable and writable, consisting of a loop of flexible celluloid-like material that can store data in the form of electromagnetic charges that can be read and also erased.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read only compact disc cd. an optical disc is an electronic data storage medium that can be read using a low-powered laser beam. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read write compact disc cd. an optical disc is an electronic data storage medium that can be read or write using a low-powered laser beam. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read only digital versatile disc dvd. a dvd is very similar to a cd in that it is an optical disc data storage medium using a low-powered laser beam to read upto 7gbs of data on a single disc.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read write digital versatile disc dvd. a read/write dvd is very similar to a cd in that it is an optical disc data storage medium using a low-powered laser beam to read or write upto 7gbs of data on a single disc.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. magneto optical mo drives. an mo device employs both magnetic and optical technologies to obtain ultra-high data density for storing digital data.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. high capacity removable media drives. high capacity removable storage devices can store hundreds of megabytes or gigabytes of data on a single disk, cassette, card or cartridge. an examples of this is a zip drive.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. electronic media or data duplicating equipment. equipment for the mass production of optical or magnetic recordings. examples are digital tape duplicators, cd duplicators and dvd duplicators. these devices are usually purpose built stand-alone machines which feature single or multiple simultaneous duplication capabilities coupled with media storage feeders and automated exchangers which enable bulk media production or duplication to be carried out under software control with minimal manual intervention.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. peripheral component microchannel interconnect architecture reader and writer drives. these drives permit to write and read pcmcia cards and smartcards.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. ultra density optical udo drives or autoloaders or libraries. ultra density optical drives, loaders or libraries use udo drives. udo is a storage standard along the lines of mageto optical drives, but have different characteristics.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. compact disc cd drive. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. digital video disc dvd drive. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read only high definition digital versatile disc hd dvd. a high-density optical disc format designed for the storage of data and high-definition video, this kind of hd dvd is for read only, hd dvd has a single-layer capacity of 15 gb and a dual-layer capacity of 30 gb.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read write high definition digital versatile disc hd dvd. a high-density optical disc format designed for the storage of data and high-definition video, this kind of hd dvd is for read and write, hd dvd has a single-layer capacity of 15 gb and a dual-layer capacity of 30 gb.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read only blu-ray disc bd. a high-density optical disc format designed for the storage of data and high-definition video, this kind of bd is for read only, bd has a single-layer capacity of 25 gb and a dual-layer capacity of 50 gb.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. read write blu-ray disc bd. a high-density optical disc format designed for the storage of data and high-definition video, this kind of bd is for read and write, bd has a single-layer capacity of 25 gb and a dual-layer capacity of 50 gb.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. multimedia hard disc drive hdd player. this device stores data like a normal hard disk drive but is used to record and play video images.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. disc publisher. a type of computer peripheral that automatically burns and prints multiple cd or dvd discs.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. compact disk read only memory cd rom array. a cabinet-styled device in which a series of cd-rom drives are set and connected in array with networks, so as to enable online users to share and access optical disks or cd-roms at the same time.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. portable hard disk storage device. a small and portable external hard disk storage device which is well known for its durability, fast data transmission, semi-permanent storage and renewability.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. digital video disc audio dvd a. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. digital video disc video dvd v. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. solid state drive ssd. a solid-state drive ssd is a data storage device that uses solid-state memory to store persistent data.an ssd emulates a hard disk drive interface, thus easily replacing it in most applications. an ssd using sram or dram instead of flash memory is often called a ram drive.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. telecommunications memory unit. a type of device that stores and reads the receiving and forwarding information from the wireless communication equipment in electric input and removes the memorized information in accordance with needs.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. optical or compact disc juke box. a type of device that is built-in for the stack that stores optical disk or cd --compact disc-- rom and disc driver of 2 to 10 units.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. digital to analog conversion system. a system that converts the digital image or data into the analog image. this device is designed to output the equivalent analog value from the digital code.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. storage device controller. an intelligent controller to which storage devices are attached.. "
"media storage devices. a device with a read/write head for accessing magnetic or optical recorded media.. network attached storage nas device. a device designed to manage vast repositories of information in environments requiring very large capacities, high levels of performance and high availability. "
"media storage device accessories. accessories for media storage devices.. . "
"media storage device accessories. accessories for media storage devices.. optical disk changers. a device that is designed to change out optical drives or platters for read/write access by a single laser.. "
"media storage device accessories. accessories for media storage devices.. tape drive libraries. a device with read/write access to multiple tape media. also known as auto loaders, these are typically used for long term storage.. "
"media storage device accessories. accessories for media storage devices.. digital video disc audio video dvd av. "
"media storage device accessories. accessories for media storage devices.. tape unit cleaning kit. components for the internal cleaning of a tape unit. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. . "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. compact disks cds. a removable compact disc (cd) is a small, portable, round medium made of molded polymer for electronically recording, storing, and playing back audio, video or text in digital form. cd formats are read-only or recordable with a data storage capacity ranging from 640 - 720 mb. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. blank tapes. a magnetically coated strip of plastic on which data can be encoded. tapes storage capacities range from a few hundred kilobytes to several gigabytes. tapes are sequential-access media, which means that to get to a particular point on the tape, the tape must go through all the preceding points. because tapes are so slow, they are generally used only for long-term storage and backup or for transporting large amounts of data.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. digital versatile disks dvds. a removable disk media that can be read-only or recordable. dvd or digital versatile/video disc - a type of cd-rom that holds a minimum of 4.7gb (gigabytes), enough for a full-length movie. the dvd specification supports disks with capacities of from 4.7gb to 17gb and access rates of 600kbps to 1.3 mbps. dvd uses mpeg-2 to compress video data.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. floppy disks. removable magnetic diskettes that are read-writeable. called \"floppy disks\" or \"floppies\" because their housings or outer sleeves were originally flexible, current standard for floppy format is a hard plastic 3.5 inch outer shell with 1.44 mb or 2.88 mb capacity.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. flash memory storage card. electronic memory for storage in devices like cameras or pdas. common formats include compact flash, smartmedia, and memory stick.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. magneto optical mo disks. disks used with magneto optical drives.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. high capacity removable media blank disks. modern high capacity (much more than conventional floppy) disks except optical disks (cd, dvd) and magneto optical and worm disks.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. ultra density optical udo blank disks. ultra density optical blank disks, both rewritable and write-once, are used with udo drives.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. blank audio tape. a thin and flexible tape with the non-magnetic substance that is coated with film which magnetization is available to record the vibration of sound wave with the electromagnetic method.. "
"removable storage media. storage media designed to be removed from the read or write device.. pen or flash drive. usb flash drives are nand type flash memory data storage devices integrated with a universal serial bus usb interface. they are typically small, lightweight, removable and rewritable.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. . "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. compact disk cases. cases or organizers for cd or dvd disks which protect them from dust and humidity.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. floppy disk cases. cases or organizers for floppy diskettes.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. multimedia storage holders. a steel storage cabinet with large capacity and a central locking system. cabinets can be bolted together vertically when stacked and horizontally when side by side. it is designed to store cd/cd-rom, audio cassettes, vhs video cassettes or 3.5 floppy discs and other media.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. vertical helix scan vhs videotape storage or accessories. an organizer used to store vhs tapes. they usually store both single and double tapes as well as dvd and are available in wall mountable designs. units connect side-by-side and vertically to expand its storage capacity.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. multiple media cabinets. the commodity is a mobile cabinet with installed cabling and shelves. all the multimedia tools can be accessed at the flip of a switch.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. portable media case or wallet. cases or organizers for usb flash drives or memory sticks or flashcards to protect them from dust and humidity, and for portability.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. compact disc or digital versatile disc cd/dvd briefcase. a special briefcase to transport and protect cds and dvds.. "
"removable storage media accessories. accessories designed to house removable storage media.. memory card case. a small case designed to store and protect memory cards (sd, mmc, etc.).. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. . "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. telephone piece parts. miscellaneous component pieces used to construct a telephone. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. telephone ring generators. a generator which is a primary source of telephone ringing current, the output of which is employed to operate telephone ringers.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. external ringer or its parts. this commodity refers to the ringers used externally with pay phones or regular analog phones for amplifying sound to an audible level in an indoor or outdoor environment.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. keycaps or keytops or keys. a pushbutton switches, any shape or design and marked with letter(s), numeral(s), or other characters.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. storage drive or input device components. components for building or repairing hard drives, floppy drives, etc.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. head mount arms and assembly. it is used to hold the magnetic read write head and move it along the radius of the platter.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. lead assemblies. it is used to transfer the data from the head to the disk cache.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. head stack assemblies. it is used to hold multiple heads to read a stack of platters.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. crash stops. it is used to brake the movement of the arm.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. platters or disks. it is the surface on which data is stored.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. read write head assemblies. it is the device which performs the read write operations on the disk.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. disc motor drives. it is used to rotate the disks at high speed.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. comb assemblies. it is used to move the read write heads over the surface of the platters of a hard drive.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. keyboard or mouse cable. a cable to connect or extend the connection of the mouse or the keyboard with the cpu of the computer.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. printer connection cable. cable to connect a printer to the cpu of a computer.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. computer cable holder. a holder or clip used to bundle or group computer cables.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. computer cable cover. a protective covering for computer cables to avoid breakage.. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. automotive heating ventilation air conditioning hvac control head assembly. automotive hvac control assemblies. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. automotive heating ventilation air conditioning hvac power module. automotive hvac power module. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. automotive heating ventilation air conditioning hvac resistor assembly. automotive hvac resistor assemblies. "
"sub assemblies for electronic devices. component pieces for assembling electronic devices.. computer cable. cable with industry standard connection and termination configurations used to connect various peripherals,instruments and equipment to computers.. "
