"cooking and warming equipment. . "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use bain maries. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use barbeque ovens. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use broilers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use charcoal grills. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use coffee or iced tea makers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use coffee warmers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use convection ovens. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use conveyer toasters. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use deep fryers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use food warmers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use griddles. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use grills. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use heat lamps. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use high pressure steamers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use hot dog grills. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use microwave ovens. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use ovens. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use pasta cookers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use pizza ovens. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use popcorn machines. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use ranges. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use rotisseries. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use smokers or smoke ovens. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use steamers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use toasters. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use waffle irons. "
"cooking and warming equipment. barbecues. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use crepe machines. "
"cooking and warming equipment. pressure cookers or pressure fryers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use rice cookers. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial salmon poachers or kettles. "
"cooking and warming equipment. commercial use cotton candy machines or accessories. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use combination oven. a combination oven combines the elements of heat and steam to provide a controlled cooking environment with reduced food shrinkage. it allows cooking at low temperatures with steam, through mid range temperatures with a combination of steam and dry heat through to high temperature dry heat cooking that permits grilling of foods. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use boiling table. a boiling table is a free standing cooking top with either shelf or cupboard units underneath. it does not include an oven.. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use salamander grill. eye level grill usually with top heat only. the phrase salamander differentiates this unit from char (charcoal) grills, or griddle (flat surface) grills. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use pastry oven. sometimes known as a deck oven, this is a dry heat oven designed for cooking pastries and pastry products. usually has a large flat surface but is narrow in height allowing for multi \u2018decks\u2019 .. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use conveyor oven. a type of oven used in the cooking of pizza. a conveyor belt onto which food is placed, passes through oven cavity. the speed of the conveyor determines cooking time.. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use double contact grill. a small countertop grill unit that cooks food between two cooking plates. used for grilling foods in short periods of time. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use oil fat filtration unit. mobile or static fat/oil filtration unit designed to filter the liquid cooking medium to remove solids from the oil that imparts flavour.. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use wok heating unit. high heat unit with single or multiple gas burners used in conjunction with wok pans and asian cooking.. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use chip and french fry storage and scuttle. chip and french fry storage and dispensing unit usually with top heating element mounted over oven pan or scuttle.. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use jacketed tilting kettle. a high volume boiling container with a heat jacket that allows for the cooking of sauces etc with a tilting mechanism to allow for controlled pour.. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use jacketed boiling pan. a high volume boiling pan with a heat jacket that allows for the cooking of sauces etc.. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use direct heat boiling pan. a high volume boiling pan heated directly by gas or electricity. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial use oven stand. general purpose oven stand for supporting ovens where a work surface is not suitable or of the correct height. "
"cooking and warming equipment.  commercial decoction machine. a machine that extracts the liquid by heating the medical ingredients or health food by boiling it for a long time.. "
"food preparation equipment. . "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use blenders. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use electric can openers. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use food choppers or cubers or dicers. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use coffee grinders. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use food grinders. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use graters. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use juicers. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use mixers. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use pasta machines. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use peelers. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use scales. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use food processors. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use dough machines. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use icing sets or bags. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use dishwashers. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use food slicers. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use plastic shovels. "
"food preparation equipment. commercial use dishwashing machine parts. "
"food preparation equipment.  water sterilization system. equipment that makes the sterilized water for sterilization or washing the food materials, kitchenware, kitchen supplies and others.. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. . "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. carbonated beverage dispenser. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. non carbonated beverage dispenser. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. milk dispensers. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. syrup pumps. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. cappuccino or espresso machines. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. milkshake machines. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. soft serve machines. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. slush machines. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. ice dispensers. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. drinking fountains or bubblers. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. bottled water dispensers or accessories. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. cup dispenser. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. cocktail shakers or accessories. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. hot water dispenser. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment. ice shaver machines or accessories. "
"food and beverage dispensing equipment.  water purifier. a type of device that clears water by removing the impure substances in water with its filter.. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. . "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use cutlery. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use molds. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use scoops. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use measuring cups. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use mixing bowls. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use cake or pie pans. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use pizza pans. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use sauce or saute pans. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use stock or sauce pots. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use pot or pan covers. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use rolling pins. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use strainers. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use whisks. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use woks. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use ladles. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. commercial use cutlery pouch. "
"cookware and kitchen tools. cake decorating equipment or moulds. "
"cookware and kitchen tools.  tableware disinfector. a machine used for disinfecting and drying plates or tableware by hot wind or uv rays. "
"cookware and kitchen tools.  hand sterilizer. a device used to sterilize germs or bacteria on hands which can propagate at a kitchen or a feeding facility.. "
"cookware and kitchen tools.  commercial kitchen hood. an air exhauster installed in a restaurant, kitchen, cookery, etc. in order to exhaust smoke, heat and smell when cooking. there are two types in use: filtered and non filtered, and three types in shape: pyramid, square, and circle.. "
"cookware and kitchen tools.  commercial nut cracker or opener. tool used to open nuts. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. . "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service dinnerware. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service flatware. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service glasses. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service stemware. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service cups or mugs. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service serving baskets. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service pitchers. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service chafers. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service coffee or tea pots. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service soup crocks. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service ice buckets or wine coolers. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service condiment dispensers. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service punch bowls. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service wine carafes. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service trays. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service napkin dispensers. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service fondue pots. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service table covering rolls. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. food service glasses or cups or mugs or container lids. "
"tabletop and serving equipment. straw dispensers. "
"tabletop and serving equipment.  food service cutlery or flatware dispenser or systems. commercial food services tools or method of hygienic distribution of flatware or disposable cutlery.. "
"tabletop and serving equipment.  food service straws or beverage stirrers . disposable or non disposable accessories for commercial or domestic beverage service. "
"tabletop and serving equipment.  food service clamshell or take out containers. specialty containers for commercial food distribution. "
"tabletop and serving equipment.  protective sleeves for beverage containers. insulating outer covering to maintain hot or cold temperature of beverage.. "
"restaurant furniture. . "
"restaurant furniture. restaurant chairs. "
"restaurant furniture. booths. "
"restaurant furniture. salad bars. "
"restaurant furniture. tabletops. "
"restaurant furniture. bar stools. "
"restaurant furniture. permanent bars. "
"restaurant furniture. portable bars. "
"restaurant furniture. condiment counters. "
"restaurant furniture.  food serving or dispensing table. equipment that places rice or side dishes in mass for food supply.. "
"restaurant furniture.  cup collection cart. a device to recover or carry the cups used in restaurant.. "
"restaurant furniture.  commercial use kitchen worktop. a product used for cutting and cooking. "
"restaurant furniture.  commercial use over the sink board. a product used for cleaning food materials and dishes. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. . "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. display cases. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. heated display cases. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. refrigerated display cases. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. ice cream display cases. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. glass chilling equipment. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. cool containers. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies. catering gloves or glove dispensers. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies.  aluminum food wrapping foil. item used for packaging and storage of food and used for coverage of pans or containers used in the cooking process.. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies.  plastic food wrap. item used for packaging and storage of food and used for coverage of pans or containers used in the cooking process.. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies.  food hamper. a container, often a wicker basket, for storing or transporting foodstuffs. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies.  food service or meal delivery cart. cart used for food service or meal delivery.. "
"storage and handling equipment and supplies.  food service tray transport or storage carts or racks. institutional food service specialized carts for transfer of meal trays from centralized food preparation area to individual meal delivery site.. "
