"concrete and mortars. . "
"concrete and mortars. foamed concrete. "
"concrete and mortars. conductive concrete. "
"concrete and mortars. insulating concrete. "
"concrete and mortars. mortars. "
"concrete and mortars. ready mix concrete. "
"concrete and mortars. grout. "
"concrete and mortars.  soil cured concrete. concrete cured by mixing a cement hardening agent and a special mineral admixture and mixing water with soil and aggregate as the main ingredient.. "
"concrete and mortars.  water permeable concrete. concrete for which the extent of infiltration of water has been elevated by forming continuous apertures by mixing cement, crushed aggregate, water and mineral admixture.. "
"concrete and mortars.  asphalt based concrete. a mixed material comprised of asphalt, coarse aggregate, fine aggregate or filler for package by applying heat or ambient temperature.. "
"cement and lime. . "
"cement and lime. cement. "
"cement and lime. chlorinated lime. "
"cement and lime. hydraulic lime. "
"cement and lime. hydrated lime. "
"cement and lime. lean lime. "
"cement and lime. unslaked lime. "
"plasters. . "
"plasters. gypsum plaster. "
"aggregates. inert granular materials that are combined and solidified with cement and water to make mortar or concrete. composed of sand, gravel, crushed stone and others.. . "
"aggregates. inert granular materials that are combined and solidified with cement and water to make mortar or concrete. composed of sand, gravel, crushed stone and others.. natural aggregate. a natural aggregate without the need of crushing requiring only washing and selection of gradation.. "
"aggregates. inert granular materials that are combined and solidified with cement and water to make mortar or concrete. composed of sand, gravel, crushed stone and others.. artificial aggregate. an aggregate made artificially by crushing rocks.. "
"aggregates. inert granular materials that are combined and solidified with cement and water to make mortar or concrete. composed of sand, gravel, crushed stone and others.. recycled aggregate. recycled aggregate made through physical or chemical processing. "
"concrete reinforcement hardware. ironware used as reinforcement for piling and plastering in steel reinforced concrete structures.. . "
"concrete reinforcement hardware. ironware used as reinforcement for piling and plastering in steel reinforced concrete structures.. concrete reinforcing fiber. steel, chemical fiber or carbon fiber in thin fibrous shapes with strong tensile strength that are mixed with aggregate in order to reinforce the relatively weak tensile strength of concrete.. "
"concrete reinforcement hardware. ironware used as reinforcement for piling and plastering in steel reinforced concrete structures.. construction expansion joint. a material that can be compressed or expanded according to the displacement of concrete due to expansion, contraction and vibration by being filled into the gap in the new structural joint of concrete.. "
"concrete reinforcement hardware. ironware used as reinforcement for piling and plastering in steel reinforced concrete structures.. wire mesh sheet. a lattice type metal sheet held together by electric resistance welding at the cross points formed by arranging vertical and horizontal lengths of cold rolled or high strength iron wire.. "
