"business and corporate management consultation services. . "
"business and corporate management consultation services. new business start up consultation services. "
"business and corporate management consultation services. corporate mergers consultation services. "
"business and corporate management consultation services. corporate divestiture consultation services. "
"business and corporate management consultation services. strategic planning consultation services. "
"business and corporate management consultation services. corporate objectives or policy development. "
"business and corporate management consultation services. organizational structure consultation. "
"business and corporate management consultation services. information technology consultation services. "
"business and corporate management consultation services.  business intelligence consulting services. this represents the services provided by independent business (company, market and industry info, competitive intelligence, etc.) information researchers and analysts. it is similar to market research, but broader in scope, encompassing all the myriad intelligence (information) needs that a company may have from time to time.. "
"business and corporate management consultation services.  government affairs and community relations consultation service. services associated with consultation regarding government and community relations. "
"business and corporate management consultation services.  risk management consultation service. services associated with mitigating various business risks. "
"business and corporate management consultation services.  human resources consulting service. service to provide consultation on hr related matters such as hr policy development, benefits, and employee hiring and termination. "
"business and corporate management consultation services. actuarial consulting services. "
"business and corporate management consultation services.  process and procedures management consultation service. advisory and consultancy service aimed at the improvement of public and private sector administration. involves management and organizational diagnostics, organic restructuring, process optimization, development and updating of management tools, process mapping, design and redesign of processes, bpm.. "
"business and corporate management consultation services.  business regulatory and compliance research service. provides information pertaining to state, provincial, federal and municipal laws, rules and regulations, proprietary news and analysis.  can provide regulatory guidance, summaries, outlines of codified laws and regulations for compliance users.. "
"project management. . "
"project management. feasibility studies or screening of project ideas. "
"project management. regional or location studies for projects. "
"project management. economic or financial evaluation of projects. "
"project management. project administration or planning. "
"project management.  temporary drafting service. services that engage in the systematic and dimensional representation of building projects. "
"project management.  project monitoring and evaluation. monitoring and evaluation are complementary, monitoring is the process of collecting information on a routine basis for use in decision-making and evaluation of projects, is a process by which we determine the impact or effects generated by a project from the comparison between the current state and the state planning provisions. that is, it tries to know how much a project has failed to meet its objectives or how much it possesses the capacity to meet them. "
"project management.  project impact assessment. the impact assessment is to determine if the project had the desired effects and whether these effects are attributable to the implementation of the project or if it has public value. "
"industrial management. . "
"industrial management. factory management services. "
"industrial management. productivity or efficiency studies or implementation. "
"industrial management. specification standardization services. "
"industrial management. supply chain analysis or re engineering services. "
"industrial management. co operative or consortium services. "
"industrial management. professional procurement services. "
"industrial management. lobbying services. "
"industrial management.  chemical management service. chemical management activities contracted to a chemical service provider, including but not limited to, purchase and delivery of chemicals, maintaining the inventory and tracking material safety data sheets (msdss).. "
