"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. . "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. building or building contents insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. homeowners or renters insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. car or truck insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. cargo insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. marine insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. reinsurance services. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. business interruption insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. cash in transit insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. comprehensive projects insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. contractors all risks insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. deterioration of stocks insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. electronic equipment insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. erection all risks insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. fidelity guarantee insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. jewelers block insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. professional indemnity insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions. travel insurance. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions.  bicycle insurance. promise of reimbursement for stolen bikes, broken bikes. "
"insurance services for structures and property and possessions.  fire insurance. promise of reimbursement for damage done by fire on homes beyond what property insurance would reimburse. "
"life and health and accident insurance. . "
"life and health and accident insurance. life insurance. "
"life and health and accident insurance. health or hospitalization insurance. "
"life and health and accident insurance. accidental injury insurance. "
"life and health and accident insurance. disability insurance. "
"life and health and accident insurance. workmens insurance. "
"life and health and accident insurance. unemployment insurance. "
"life and health and accident insurance. liability insurance. "
"life and health and accident insurance. medical claims review and management. "
"life and health and accident insurance.  employee assistance programs. costs related to insurance services for confidential counseling services to eligible employees, retirees, and their eligible dependents. "
"life and health and accident insurance.  flexible spending accounts fsa. provides the employee with a way to reimburse themselves for health care expenses not covered under the medical and dental plans and not payable by any other source with before-tax dollars. "
"life and health and accident insurance.  medical malpractice insurance. promise of reimbursement for medical malpractice. "
"life and health and accident insurance.  non-medical benefit claims analysis service. review of benefit claims for drug prescriptions (and possibly other life/health claims) that were fulfilled where reporting and credits can be obtained.  can be used for ad hoc data analytics.. "
"life and health and accident insurance.  claims payment processing or administration. services offered by suppliers (third-party payers or third-party administrators) who collect insurance premiums from various group clients, handle payment to service providers (health, dental, drug) and remit premiums collected back to insurance companies. in some cases, may act to pay on behalf of insurance company, and directly contact and maintain information with the group clients.. "
"life and health and accident insurance.  underwriting service. service which assesses and classifies the potential degree of risk that a proposed insured represents.  provides guarantees that money will be available to pay for losses that are insured against.. "
"pension funds. . "
"pension funds. employer administered pension funds. "
"pension funds. union or guild administered pension funds. "
"retirement funds. . "
"retirement funds. self directed or employer sponsored retirement funds. "
"retirement funds. self directed or self initiated retirement plans. "
"insurance services for casualty lines. services, including broker services in support of casualty/liability lines of insurance. . "
"insurance services for casualty lines. services, including broker services in support of casualty/liability lines of insurance. workers compensation insurance service. a form of insurance providing wage replacement and medical benefits to employees injured in the course of employment in exchange for mandatory relinquishment of the employees right to sue their employer for the tort of negligence. the trade-off between assured, limited coverage and lack of recourse outside the worker compensation system is known as the compensation bargain. one of the problems that the compensation bargain solved is the problem of employers becoming insolvent as a result of high damage awards. the system of collective liability was created to prevent that, and thus to ensure security of compensation to the workers.  individual immunity is the necessary corollary to collective liability.  coverage provides continuing wage payments.. "
"insurance services for casualty lines. services, including broker services in support of casualty/liability lines of insurance. professional errors and omissions liability insurance services. services including brokerage, insurance engineering, certificate portal and claims management in support of professional liability/errors & omissions insurance.. "
"insurance services for casualty lines. services, including broker services in support of casualty/liability lines of insurance. directors and officers liability insurance services. services including brokerage, insurance engineering, certificate portal and claims management in support of directors & officers insurance.. "
"insurance services for casualty lines. services, including broker services in support of casualty/liability lines of insurance. fiduciary liability insurance services. services including brokerage, insurance engineering, certificate portal and claims management in support of fiduciary insurance.. "
"insurance services for casualty lines. services, including broker services in support of casualty/liability lines of insurance. employment practice liability insurance services. services including brokerage, insurance engineering, certificate portal and claims management in support of employment practice liability insurance.. "
