"electron tubes. . "
"electron tubes. cathode ray tubes. "
"electron tubes. klystrons. "
"electron tubes. magnetrons. "
"electron tubes. traveling wave tubes. "
"electron tubes. disk seal tubes. "
"electron tubes. resnatrons. "
"electron tubes. thyratrons. "
"electron tubes. ignitrons. "
"electron tubes. photo tubes. "
"electron tubes. photo multiplier tubes. "
"electron tubes. camera or television pickup tubes. "
"electron tubes. diode tubes. "
"electron tubes. triode tubes. "
"electron tubes. tetrode tubes. "
"electron tubes. pentode tubes. "
"electron tubes. multiple valve tubes. "
"electron tubes.  counter tube. a type of device that measures the individual particles of radiation one at a time.. "
"electron tubes.  beam output tube. a power tube that is centered on the eyes of grid no. 1 and grid no. 2 from the tetrode. this is the output tube for power amplification like the pentode.. "
"electron tubes.  microwave electron tube. an electronic tube that uses the principle that there is a change of density in an area with certain distance when a speed change is made to the electron with weak electric wave, and as the external circuit is placed, the strong electric wave is to be derelict.. "
"electron tubes.  frequency converting tube. a vacuum tube for frequency conversion that undertakes both actions of local oscillation and mixture together in a single vacuum tube.. "
"electron tubes.  rectifier tube. an electron tube that is used as the rectifier that uses the rectification feature of electronic current.. "
"electron tubes.  voltage regulator electron tube. an electronic tube which is to maintain the voltage of power, such as power generator and others, within the limit required regardless of change in input voltage or load change.. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. . "
"electron tube parts and accessories. cathodes or emitters. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. anode devices. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. grid devices. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. deflecting devices. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. tube envelopes or blanks. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. tube bases. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. tube sockets. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. electrode pins. "
"electron tube parts and accessories. electrode carriers. "
"electron tube parts and accessories.  magnet pole piece. an iron piece with magnetic body that is attached at the tip of the magnet to regulate the magnetic flux within the adjacent medium.. "
