"domestic kitchen appliances. . "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic refrigerators. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic microwave ovens. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic garbage disposals. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic ranges. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic dish washers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic freezers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic upright freezers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic chest freezers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic combination refrigerator freezers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic portable air conditioners. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic juicers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic waffle irons. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic electric can openers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic food processors. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic trash compactors. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic deep fryers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic popcorn poppers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic bread making machines. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic convectional ovens. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic mixers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic toaster ovens. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic toasters. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic electrical kettles. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic blenders. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic hot plates. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic coffee makers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic electric knives. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic electric woks. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic coffee grinders. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. parts of dishwashing machines. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic food choppers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic electric skillets. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic electric griddles. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic electric sandwich maker. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic indoor electric grills. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic pizelle or cookie maker. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic crock pot. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic use food warmers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances. domestic tea makers. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  vacuum bag sealer. food storage system that vacuum-seals food into cut-to-size plastic bags.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic baby bottle sterilizer. electric powered steam sterilizer for baby bottles. domestic use only.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic meat grinder. a type of kitchen tool, powered manually or electrically, for grinding meat.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic egg boiler. electrical appliance for boiling eggs.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic multi cooker. an appliance that acts as a smoker, barbeque, steamer, fryer, etc in one.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic cooktop. a cooking surface and component of custom kitchen installation. can be electric (ceramic) or gas powered. domestic use only.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic kitchen hood. device used to vent\u00a0smoke and other gases out of kitchen area. some types are also able to filter air.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic pepper and salt grinder or mill. a kitchen utensil for storing and grinding peppercorns and salt crystals.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic pierrade. a cooking appliance consisting of a flat stone mounted on top of a heating element. used in french cooking.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic raclette. a cooking device for melting and scraping cheese consisting of one or more special holders or trays with a heating bar that can be lowered to a few inches above them. each tray is equipped with a wooden paddle for scraping.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic yogurt maker. device for blending, heating and storing cultured milk, bacteria and other ingredients for making yoghurt.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic steam oven. an oven that uses steam for cooking.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic rotisserie oven. a type of oven or broiler equipped with a rotating spit on which meat cooks as it turns.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic electric rice cooker. appliance used to cook or steam rice electrically, which can be changed in function from steaming to warming after finishing cooking.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic kimchi refrigerator. type of refrigerator made especially for kimchi whose temperature variation is lower than normal refrigerators. also has functions to keep temperature optimally low for fermentation of kimchi. kimchi is a traditional korean fermented dish made of seasoned vegetables.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic bread slicer. kitchen appliance for slicing bread. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic food dehydrator. device to preserve fruit, vegetable, meat, etc by dehydrating them. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic ice cream maker. a machine used to make small quantities of ice cream for personal consumption. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic food slicer. a circular bladed machine which will slice a variety of food types. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic soup maker. a machine which blends and cooks food ingredients to make soup. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic cake maker. a machine, similar to a toasted sandwich maker, which can bake small cakes (cupcakes). "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic tagine. a tagine is a cooking pot consisting of two parts: a flat, circular base unit with low sides and a large cone or dome shaped cover that sits on the base during cooking. with the cover removed, the base can be taken to the table for serving. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic chocolate fountain. a chocolate fountain is a device for serving melted chocolate. the base is heated to keep the chocolate in a liquid state so it can be vertically transported up a central cylinder to the top of the fountain. from there it flows over tiers to create a chocolate \"waterfall\" into which food items like fruit or marshmallows can be dipped. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic panini press. an electrical appliance which grills sandwiches made from panino type bread. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic water oxygenator. household device that increases the concentration of oxygen in water.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic refrigerator installation kit. this is a convenience kit of accessory tunings and supplies for appliance hook-up.. "
"domestic kitchen appliances.  domestic hydrogen water machine. device that produces hydrogen water which is water that has extra h 2 gas dissolved into it. it tastes just like regular water, but is supposedly much healthier because of the antioxidant benefits of the added hydrogen.  these claims are disputed.. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. . "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. domestic clothes washers. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. domestic tumble dryers. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. domestic clothing irons. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. footwear dryers. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. laundry hampers. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. laundry baskets. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. fabric wrinkle removing compounds. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies. garment steamer. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies.  domestic stain removing device. cleaning device that uses ultrasonic technology for breaking down stain particles on fabrics which are then removed with a small quantity of water and detergent that is sprayed over the surface.. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies.  domestic built in ironing center. folding ironing board stored within cabinet with or without electrical outlet, with or without iron storage recessed into wall or surface mounted to wall. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies.  washboard. a board with horizontal grooves used for washing.originally made of wood, some washboards are now made of plastic.. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies.  laundry hydroextractor. a machine which is used to remove moisture in the laundry through dehydrating after washing.. "
"domestic laundry appliances and supplies.  domestic clothes boiler. electrically powered machine that boils clothes.. "
"domestic bath appliances. . "
"domestic bath appliances. domestic electric toothbrushes. "
"domestic bath appliances. domestic hair dryers. "
"domestic bath appliances. domestic electric razors. "
"domestic bath appliances. parts of shavers or hair removers. "
"domestic bath appliances. nail dryers. "
"domestic bath appliances.  towel dryer. bathroom appliance for towel drying. can be electricity or hot water based. domestic use only.. "
"domestic bath appliances.  hair or curling iron. a device that has the shape of scissors to handle the hair by applying the heat to the hair. it is consisted of the handle and the plate to care for the hair.. "
"domestic bath appliances.  body dryer. device to dry body after shower with cool or warm air. "
"domestic bath appliances.  domestic electric toothbrush sterilizer. device used on toothbrushes to prevent the breeding of bacteria by use of ultraviolet rays or infrared rays to achieve sterilization.. "
"domestic bath appliances.  oral irrigator. a device that removes foreign matter from teeth or gums using water pressure. "
"other domestic household appliances. . "
"other domestic household appliances. domestic sewing machines. "
"other domestic household appliances. domestic space heaters. "
"other domestic household appliances. domestic electric blankets. "
"other domestic household appliances.  domestic electric fan. a fan used at home which produces a breeze by revolving vanes installed on the motor of the fan.. "
"other domestic household appliances.  folding screen. a screen used for blocking the wind and for ornamental purposes.. "
"other domestic household appliances.  fish basin or tank. a transparent basin used to keep ornamental fish or fancy fish such as gold fish and tropical fish.. "
"other domestic household appliances.  folding fan. an implement which is hand-held and waved by the hand to produce the wind or blow up the fire.. "
