"print advertising. . "
"print advertising. billboard advertising. "
"print advertising. poster advertising. "
"print advertising. magazine advertising. "
"print advertising. newspaper advertising. "
"print advertising. handbill or coupon advertising. "
"print advertising. transit advertising services. "
"print advertising. shopping news or advertising or distribution service. "
"print advertising. trade or service directory or yellow page advertising. "
"broadcast advertising. . "
"broadcast advertising. radio advertising. "
"broadcast advertising. television advertising. "
"broadcast advertising. internet advertising. "
"broadcast advertising. cinema advertising. "
"broadcast advertising.  television commercials production service. service to create television commercials which will be broadcast. includes studio time, talent fees, mixing, dubbing, etc.. "
"broadcast advertising.  radio commercial production service. service to create radio commercials which will be broadcast, can include studio time, talent fees, mixing, dubbing, etc.. "
"aerial advertising. . "
"aerial advertising. banner advertising services. "
"aerial advertising. skywriting advertising services. "
"advertising agency services. . "
"advertising agency services. advertising campaign services. "
"advertising agency services.  advertising production service. includes agency resources assigned to production activities this generally includes specific media production activities. "
"media placement and fulfillment. costs directly related to the placement or fulfillment of advertising media in a particular channel. the three components of advertising costs are creative, production/development, and fulfillment/placement.. . "
"media placement and fulfillment. costs directly related to the placement or fulfillment of advertising media in a particular channel. the three components of advertising costs are creative, production/development, and fulfillment/placement.. radio placement. "
"media placement and fulfillment. costs directly related to the placement or fulfillment of advertising media in a particular channel. the three components of advertising costs are creative, production/development, and fulfillment/placement.. television placement. "
"media placement and fulfillment. costs directly related to the placement or fulfillment of advertising media in a particular channel. the three components of advertising costs are creative, production/development, and fulfillment/placement.. internet placement. "
"media placement and fulfillment. costs directly related to the placement or fulfillment of advertising media in a particular channel. the three components of advertising costs are creative, production/development, and fulfillment/placement.. cinema placement. "
"media placement and fulfillment. costs directly related to the placement or fulfillment of advertising media in a particular channel. the three components of advertising costs are creative, production/development, and fulfillment/placement.. print placement. "
