"commercial marine craft. . "
"commercial marine craft. trawlers. "
"commercial marine craft. fishing boats. "
"commercial marine craft. cargo or container ships. "
"commercial marine craft. dredging craft. "
"commercial marine craft. tankers. "
"commercial marine craft. tug boats. "
"commercial marine craft. barges. "
"commercial marine craft. passenger or automobile ferries. "
"commercial marine craft. cruise ships. "
"commercial marine craft. salvage ships. "
"commercial marine craft. oil or gas crew boat. "
"commercial marine craft. oil or gas workboat. "
"commercial marine craft. seismic vessel. "
"commercial marine craft.  icebreaker. a special purpose ship used to navigate through ice-covered seas.. "
"commercial marine craft.  liquified gas carrier. a tanker ship used to transport liquified gas products including methane, ethane, propane etc.this includes lpg (liquified petroleum gas) and lng (liquified natural gas) tankers.. "
"commercial marine craft.  inflatable rubber boat. an inflatable boat constructed of rubber whose sides are comprised of rubber tubing that can be inflated with air. used for rescue, transportation, sports, diving and other special purposes.some types can be powered by a motor.. "
"commercial marine craft.  hovercraft. a marine vehicle supported by a cushion of air that enables it to navigate water, ice, sand and even swamps.. "
"commercial marine craft.  hospital ship. a ship equipped with medical care equipment and facilities equivalent to a land-based hospital.staffed by physicians and medical supportpersonnel.. "
"commercial marine craft.  racing boat or shell. a small boat propelled by oars designed for high speed.used in racing competitions.. "
"commercial marine craft.  buoy. a floating marine warning device designed to assist ship navigation and warn of dangerous conditions.. "
"commercial marine craft.  marine anchor. a sub-marine mooring device designed to fix a ship or marine structure at a point in the sea by lodging itself in the seabed.can be temporary or permanent.. "
"commercial marine craft.  chemical tanker carrier. a type of tanker ship capable of transporting chemicals and related hazardous liquids.. "
"commercial marine craft.  factory ship. a fishing ship capable of processing marine products at the fishing site with the marine processing facilities within the ship.. "
"commercial marine craft.  bulk carrier. a ship that transports bulk commodities such as grain, coal, mineral and other goods not separately packed.. "
"commercial marine craft.  pure car carrier or roll on roll off ship. a cargo ship designed for transporting vehicles.. "
"commercial marine craft.  drill ship. a ship equipped with facilities for drilling and collecting oil, natural gas and other sub sea and sub surface mineral liquids.. "
"commercial marine craft.  row boat. a small ship that is propelled by rowing.. "
"commercial marine craft.  quarantine boat. a specialized craft used for medical treatment and inspection of passengers and crews on ships entering port.. "
"commercial marine craft.  weather ship. a ship equipped with several kinds of weather observation equipment for studying weather patterns at sea.. "
"commercial marine craft.  pilot boat. a small craft used for carrying the pilot between the pier and the ship.. "
"commercial marine craft.  hydrographical survey ship. a ship equipped for surveying water depth and currents, tides, geography and geology of seabed and others.. "
"commercial marine craft.  debris collection vessel. a ship equipped with facilities for cleaning refuse, foreign substances and undesireable aquatic organisms floating on the sea surface, or surfaces of lakes and other bodies of water.. "
"commercial marine craft.  training ship. a ship that is used for navigation practice and actual practice training for students. it is equipped with the structure of cargo vessel and passenger ship.. "
"commercial marine craft.  research vessel. a ship equipped for surveying and research of marine environment in general and specific marine issues or subject areas in particular spanning multiple industries.. "
"commercial marine craft.  cable laying ships. a ship that is used to install or repair cable for power or communication on sea bed.. "
"commercial marine craft.  unmanned surface vessel or ship. a ship capable of being operated and piloted by induction or programmed software via radio waves, thus not requiring pilots or crew.. "
"safety and rescue water craft. . "
"safety and rescue water craft. lifeboats or liferafts. "
"safety and rescue water craft. fire fighting watercraft. "
"safety and rescue water craft. rescue ships or boats. "
"military watercraft. . "
"military watercraft. submarines. "
"military watercraft. aircraft carriers. "
"military watercraft. ammunition ships. "
"military watercraft. amphibious assault ships. "
"military watercraft. amphibious transport docks. "
"military watercraft. amphibious command ships. "
"military watercraft. command ships. "
"military watercraft. cruisers. "
"military watercraft. destroyers. "
"military watercraft. dock landing ships. "
"military watercraft. fast combat support ships. "
"military watercraft. frigates. "
"military watercraft. fleet oilers. "
"military watercraft. utility landing watercraft. "
"military watercraft. mechanized or utility watercraft. "
"military watercraft. mine hunting ships. "
"military watercraft. mine countermeasures ships. "
"military watercraft. coastal patrol watercraft. "
"military watercraft. submarine tenders. "
"military watercraft. tank landing ships. "
"military watercraft. air cushioned landing watercraft. "
"military watercraft.  coast guard boat or cutter. a ship that is used for special security work and other protection work in coastal waterways.. "
"military watercraft.  fishery patrol boat. a ship that undertakes the duties of patrolling on fishing right and fishing period within the jurisdiction area and protection of fishing ship with jurisdiction.. "
"military watercraft.  fishery training ship. a ship used for practical training of fishery technicians.. "
"military watercraft.  fishery research ship. a ship equipped with the required equipment for surveying the marine ecology of designated sea or ocean fishing zones.. "
"military watercraft.  marine pollution control ship. a ship equipped with the required capability and functions for detecting floating substances and submarine wastes, removal of oil released at the time of ship accident, removal of submarine obstacles, activities for prevention and others for improving the marine environment.. "
"recreational watercraft. . "
"recreational watercraft. recreational sailboats. "
"recreational watercraft. recreational motorboats. "
"recreational watercraft. recreational rowboats. "
"recreational watercraft. canoes or kayaks. "
"recreational watercraft. personal motorized watercraft. "
"recreational watercraft. rafts. "
"recreational watercraft. dinghies. "
"recreational watercraft. yachts. "
"recreational watercraft.  skiff. a flatbottom open boat of shallow draft propelled by oars, sail or motor. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. . "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. marine craft communications systems. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. marine propellers. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. sails. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. paddles. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. marine ballast systems. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. anchor chocks. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. anchor lines. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. anchor retrievers. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. anchor rollers. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. boat ramps. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. boathooks. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. boom vangs. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. deck hatches. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. dock rings. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. dock steps. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. emergency dye signals. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. fairleaders. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. furler systems. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. keel protectors. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. marine fenders. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. marine goosenecks. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. mooring whips. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. oarlocks. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. radar reflectors. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. marine rudders. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. sail battens. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. sail booms. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. sail covers. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. sheet bags. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. spinnaker poles. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. stern platforms. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. tell tales. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. tide clocks. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. tillers. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies. whisker poles. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies.  marine thruster. a secondary jet or propeller on a ship or offshore rig, used for accurate maneuvering and maintenance of position.. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies.  mast boot. a protective cover wrapped around the mast at the deck level to prevent water from entering the boat.. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies.  marine steering gear. a powered system for steering a ship underway in which a signal of desired rudder angle is sent from the bridge by way of the control system. this signal activates the power unit with which the rudder is attached. the rudder moves with the help of the power unit till the right angle is reached.. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies.  marine fresh water generator. a device that converts sea water into fresh water by distillation.. "
"marine craft systems and subassemblies.  ship navigation simulator. a mock navigation device that simulates ship navigation without actually sailing a ship. designed for training.. "
