"lecterns and sound systems and accessories. . "
"lecterns and sound systems and accessories. free standing lecterns. "
"lecterns and sound systems and accessories. table top lecterns. "
"lecterns and sound systems and accessories. gavels or sounding blocks. "
"lecterns and sound systems and accessories. lighting or power or data components for lecterns. "
"projectors and supplies. . "
"projectors and supplies. pointers. "
"projectors and supplies. projection lamps. "
"projectors and supplies.  projection screens or displays. these are screens or displays that use projection technology. they are generally used for presentation purposes.. "
"projectors and supplies. slide projectors. "
"projectors and supplies. transparency equipment or supplies. "
"projectors and supplies. liquid crystal display projection panels. "
"projectors and supplies. overhead projectors. "
"projectors and supplies. film projectors. "
"projectors and supplies. multimedia projectors. "
"projectors and supplies. epidiascopes. "
"projectors and supplies. dissolve controls. "
"projectors and supplies. cathode ray tube projector. "
"projectors and supplies. liquid crystal display projector. "
"projectors and supplies. projection lenses. "
"projectors and supplies. video projectors. "
"projectors and supplies. overhead projector or video trolleys. "
"projectors and supplies. presentation light boxes. "
"projectors and supplies.  film reel. a reel to store for convenient storing, handling and filming for the developed film.. "
"projectors and supplies.  slide film copier. a machine that copies the color reversal films of 8mm, 16mm, 35mm and others in the original size. it is structured with the milk-white board, bellows, and focusing rail and others.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers. . "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers. assistive listening devices. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers. audio jack boxes. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers. listening centers. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers. audio mixing consoles. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers. public address systems. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  combination audio mixer and amplifier. a product that combines an audio mixer and a power amplifier in a single unit.may be either rack mounted or desktop.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  audio equipment connector and stage box. a box that features multiple audio signal connectors, enabling multiple microphones and other audio signals to be plugged into a box located on stage, connected by multicore cable to a remote audio mixing desk.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  broadcast domain controller. a control equipment that is used for the purpose of checking the normal operation condition of its structure elements of intercommunicating equipment in amp, microphone, timer, and others communication device for the purpose of emergency crisis of fire, earthquake, or the purpose of conference control and others.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  remote amplifier. equipment that may control the main equipment from a specific area of the outside with remote control. this equipment selects the power on--off and speaker line and adjusts as in the main equipment.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  chime and siren unit. a type of device that has the generation of 4 scales of chime for upward or downward level of soft sound color used to inform the beginning and ending of information broadcasting.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  speaker baffle. a screening structure or partition that is used to increase the practically effective delivery distance between the two points of acoustic system, such as the front point and rear point of electroacoustic transducer and others.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  tape duplicator. recording equipment that is designed to make several reproduction tapes simultaneously from 1 master tape. it is the copying device to make many copies in short period of time by recording in faster speed than the original tape.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  audio distribution amplifier. a type of device that distributes the signal to the several types of equipment input terminal by amplifying and separating one audio input signal for several signals.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  audio analog to digital ad converter. equipment that converts the analog audio signal into the digital audio signal.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  audio digital to analog da converter. equipment that converts the digital audio signal into the analog audio signal.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  digital audio workstation daw. equipment that may edit and reproduce or edit specific part while looking into the graphic screen on the monitor after storing the acoustic input signal into the digital signal on the hard disc.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  reverberator. an echoing device that is designed to add the reverberation to naturally make the sound of microphone with less reflection sound.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  delay unit. equipment that improves the time difference arising between the image and sound for slow propagation velocity of the sound.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  audio monitor. a type of device that is designed to monitor particularly or simultaneously for the sound of each channel after inputting several channels of audio signal on a number of equipment.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  audio spectrum analyzer. equipment that is designed to find out the size or characteristics of signal by analyzing for each frequency of the signal output through various audio devices.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  reel to reel tape recorder. a tape recorder that records the audio signal in magnetic tape wound around round plastic or aluminum wheel.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  cassette deck. audio equipment that may reproduce the recorded sound or records the audio by using the cassette tape.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  hard disk recorder. a type of device that saves and reproduces on hard disc or magneto-optical disc for having all sounds to the file type as well as having the film or video for synch-operation set function as one of the very important functions.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  magnetic head. a part that has the function to change the electric signal to magnetic energy or converts the magnetic energy on the recording medium to electric signal in magnetic sound recording or magnetic video recording and others. depending on each function, it is divided into the write head, reproducing head and erase head.. "
"audio presentation and composing equipment and hardware and controllers.  acoustic box. an airtight box where the speaker has a back wave in counterphase with the front wave, is muted to prevent shorting acoustic, and the subwoofer dampens to prevent damage.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. . "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. media control systems. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. television mounts. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. scan converters. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. line doublers. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. video editors. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. distance learning systems. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. interfaces. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. lighting controls. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. television mount accessories. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers. visual presenters. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  video precision monitor. a high resolution monitor for expert that has higher stability and resolution compared to the general monitor. by inputting 2 or more of composite signals, it may selectively make the screen quality monitoring in the program manufacturing process.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  visual information display device. a type of device that displays in projecting various signals sent from computer, television, video equipment, network and others onto a large screen.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  down stream keyer. equipment that inserts logo, character and others manufactured from the logo generator or digital video effector on the television emission screen.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  digital video effects dve equipment. equipment that provides diverse image effect ranging from the 2 dimensional effects of screen expansion, reduction, rotation, motion, orbit indication, mosaic, multi-screen, mirror and others to 3d effect of phase rotation and others by using the computer video processing technology after converting the analog video signal to the digital signal.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  audio vidio console. a type of device that edits screen quality or voice and monitors or listens to the voice or video from a broadcasting station and others.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  logo generator. equipment that is designed to output in moving picture as saving the character and diagram that is used in a program.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  character generator. equipment that makes the characters or drawings shown on the television screen.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  video noise reducer. equipment that is designed to remove the noise in the video signal to convert it into the video signal with great signal to noise ratio.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  video mixer. equipment that improves the program production function by mixing or adjusting several image input signals.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  video processing amplifier. an image signal stabilization device that is designed to emit the clean video signal made by separating and processing the color burst, the structure element of the input television image signal.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  synchronizing or sync generator. equipment that generates the synchronization signal as the standard signal to synchronize the scanning of reception side to transmission side for the complete image reproduction on the television screen.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  television aspect ratio converter. a type of device that converts the television screen ratio of 4:3 to different screen ratio such as 16:9.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  video standards converter. equipment that converts the video material produced in mutually different television quality score to fit into the television quality score of its own country.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  synchronizing or sync converter. a type of device that makes the frequency of the two oscillation signals and phases to be consistent.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  frame synchronizer. a synchronous conversion device that enables the two television signals to mix by making consistent synchronization of video signal transmitted from outside and basic video signal.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  motion picture experts group mpeg encoder. a type of device that compresses and saves by converting the video signal with the mpeg --motion picture experts group-- compression method.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  video tape checker. a type of device that erases the image recorded as well as analyzes the tape condition to classify for the grade of top, middle and bottom and displays the defective location on led --light-emitting diode-- or output paper.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  prompter. a type of device that indicates the contents in caption or others by enabling mc master of ceremonies to undertake the broadcasting while reading the news or script.. "
"video and combination video and audio presentation equipment and hardware and controllers.  process camera. a camera that copies the negative or positive film used in the photolithography from the manuscript. it is structured with manuscript frame, lens frame, light source lamp, flash lamp and others.. "
"phone and video conference equipment and hardware and controllers. . "
"phone and video conference equipment and hardware and controllers. audioconferencing systems. "
"phone and video conference equipment and hardware and controllers. videoconferencing systems. "
"microfilm equipment and supplies. . "
"microfilm equipment and supplies. microfiche or microfilm viewers. "
"microfilm equipment and supplies. microfiche reader printers. "
"microfilm equipment and supplies. microfiche or microfilm viewer components or accessories. "
"microfilm equipment and supplies. microfiche reader printer components or accessories. "
