"air transportation support systems and equipment. . "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. ground support training systems. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. ground support test or maintenance systems. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. integrated maintenance information systems. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. aircraft flight simulators or trainers. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. aircraft cargo handling equipment. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. aircraft refueling equipment. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. aircraft deicing equipment. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. jetways. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. aircraft pushback or tow tractors. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. ground power units for aircraft. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. lavatory service equipment for aircraft. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. airstairs or stair trucks. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. ground support vehicle maintenance kit. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment. aircraft towbar. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  ground controlled approach system. a multi device system that guides aircraft to runway by tracing the location of aircraft with radar by the ground air controller and providing aircraft with direction and altitude. abbreviated gca, it is structured for airport surveillance radar --asr-- and precision approach radar --par.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  aircraft air start unit. a device that provides the pneumatic pressure required when starting the aircraft engine. it is usually mounted in a truck or trailer.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  aircraft air conditioning and heating truck. equipment that supplies cold air or warm air for heating and cooling of aircraft when the engine is not in operation, such as standing by for taking off. it is the air conditioner and heating device of engine operation type.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  aeronautical sensor test equipment. equipment that is designed for testing aircraft sensors.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  aircraft towing adapter. a part that is attached to the aircraft for towing the aircraft.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  environmental test chamber. an device that simulates pressure and other high altitude conditions for the purpose of training and psychological testing of aircraft personnel.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  retractable hook cable support system. a device used to stop the aircraft in a short distance by way of a hook catching steel cable installed on the surface of the runway.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  aircraft engine maintenance set. a standard tool set designed for maintenance of aircraft engines.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  airplane baggage tug or tractor. a motorized wheeled vehicle designed for towing cargo trailers from aircraft to terminal. it is usually electrically powered.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  airfreight conveyor truck. a vehicle equipped with a hydraulically adjustable conveyor for loading cargo onto aircraft.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  aircraft refueling truck. a truck that is especially manufactured with the required facilities for loading, transporting and supplying fuel for aircraft.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  automatic terminal information service atis. automatic terminal information service, or atis, is a continuous broadcast of recorded aeronautical information in busier terminal areas, i.e. airports and their immediate surroundings. atis broadcasts contain essential information, such as current weather information, active runways, available approaches, and any other information required by the pilots, such as important notices to airmen (notam) which alert aircraft pilots of potential hazards along a flight route or at a location that could affect the safety of the flight.. "
"air transportation support systems and equipment.  airport or heliport or helideck bird deterrent system. system for detecting and deterring birds in landing or takeoff areas for fixed or rotary wing aircraft.. "
"space transportation support systems and equipment. . "
"space transportation support systems and equipment. spacecraft flight simulators. "
"space transportation support systems and equipment. payload delivery systems for spacecraft. "
"space transportation support systems and equipment. liquid launch vehicles. "
"space transportation support systems and equipment. solid launch vehicles. "
"space transportation support systems and equipment. spacecraft service modules. "
"vehicle servicing equipment. . "
"vehicle servicing equipment. wheel balancing equipment. "
"vehicle servicing equipment. wheel alignment equipment. "
"vehicle servicing equipment. tire changing machines. "
"vehicle servicing equipment. engine or vehicle stands. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  engine piston and rod scale. balancing equipment to accurately measure and adjust weight of piston and rod assembly to crankshaft of engine.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  railway rolling stock lifting jack. a jack that lifts up railway vehicles such as locomotives, passenger cars, etc.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  railway lift table for engine and component. a railroad device used to remove or load engine, truck, wheel set and other components while the railway vehicle is undergoing maintenance without lifting it up.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  carburetor balancer. a balancer that synchronizes two carburetors by promptly and accurately measuring the absorption volume in the event of operating by using one engine and two carburetors.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  power adjuster. a device that maintains the preset power of the vehicle or makes changes in accordance with the plan previously set.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  valve lapper. equipment that grinds the contact side between poppet valve and valve seat of the cylinder head of diesel or gasoline engines.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  valve refacer. equipment that grinds the valve face that connects with the valve seat for the poppet valve with absorption and exhaustion of reciprocating type internal combustion engine. it is comprised of motor, chuck, grind wheel, cooling water pump and others.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  valve seat cutter. equipment that grinds the valve sheet of the cylinder head of reciprocating type internal combustion engine with certain angle and shape. the pilot stem is inserted to the valve guide hole to insert the t shaped handle axis and process the valve sheet by turning the handle manually.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  antifreeze recycling device. a device that removes impure substances from anti freezing liquid enabling the liquid to be reused.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  brake drum lathe. a special lathe for vehicle maintenance that rotates and processes the brake drum from the lathe for revising the partial abrasion of the brake drum from the friction when the vehicle is stopped or decelerated during running.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  brake shoe grinder. a brake shoe is designed to suspend or decelerate the vehicle during running. it is special equipment for the vehicle maintenance and repairing to grind the brake shoes.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  brake spring pliers. a tool that inserts or take out the return spring on two brake shoes of a half-moon shape installed inside of the brake drum.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  vehicle body straightening machine. a machine calibrated for each part that fits a vehicle body capable of repairing those parts of the body that are bent or out of shape.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  vehicle service creeper. a device used when working under the equipment body for a vehicle or construction machine. there is a pillow on the plate to lie down and it is easy to roll with the wheels attached.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  wheel nut or lug wrench. an specialized type of wrench used to loosen or tighten lug nuts on vehicle wheels.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  spark plug wrench. an specialized type of socket wrench for removng or installing spark plugs on an internal combustion engine.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  spark plug cleaner. a device that sprays high pressure air to remove impure substances, such as lead compounds or carbon deposits attached to the spark plug.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  engine tool kit. a standard tool kit that is designed for assembly and disassembly of the engine.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  piston heater. a device that heats the piston to a certain temperature in order to expand the piston pin holes when assembling the piston and connecting rod with the piston pin.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  automatic transmission rebuild kit. equipment that is exclusively designed and manufactured for each vehicle for prompt, accurate and safe disassembly or assembly by the user in consideration of the structural characteristics of inner part of automatic transmission.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  automotive boring machine. a type of metal cutting equipment designed for use in vehicle maintenance and repair specifically for cutting the inner part of engine cylinder or connecting rod of vehicle.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  automotive honing machine. a machine that is exclusively used for vehicle maintenance and repairing for precision grinding for inner part of cylinder and others of vehicle engine by rotational motion and reciprocating motion for honing tool in the round bar shape.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  connecting rod aligner. a device that measures bending or twisting of connecting rod. it has the vertical direction of long surface plate and has a simple structure that aligns the surface plate and the pin in vertical direction.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  crankshaft balancer. equipment that measures and corrects the rotational balance of crank shaft, a high speed engine component.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  crankshaft grinder. a type of grinding machine that grinds the side of the pin and journal of vehicle crankshafts.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  timing light. a measuring device that checks the ignition timing of engine.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  torque converter cleaner. a specialized type of equipment that removes impure substances inside of the converter of the automatic transmission. washing oil is penetrated through the filter in forced circulation type to inject and wash inside torque converter.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  piston vise. a vise used for grinding and measuring of the piston. it secures the piston with a v shape block installed on the horizontal surface.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  piston grinder. a type of grinding machine that grinds the finish side when the surface of the piston is worn out or corroded to be irregular.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  valve spring compressor. a tool for assembly or disassembly of the valve and spring that works by compressing the spring of exhaust vale and air intake valve of the cylinder head or cylinder block of internal combustion engine.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  piston ring compressor. a tool that compresses several piston rings into the ring groove at once for assembling the piston to the cylinder.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  vehicle driving simulator. a driver training device that simulates road and safety conditions likely to be encountered when driving a vehicle.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  automatic tire inflator. equipment that injects air into vehicle tire automatically according to the desired pneumatic pressure.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  tire spreader. a device that spreads open the tire in order to inspect for damage to internal wall of the tire.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  steering gear simulation tester. a testing device for vehicle steering gears of all types.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  vehicle washing machine. an external cleansing system that washes the exterior of auto, bus and truck vehicles.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  railway washing machine. an external cleansing system that washes the exterior of railway locomotives, passenger cars and rolling stock. it is installed over the tracks and operates when trains pass under it.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  vehicle parts washing machine. a type of cleansing machine that washes off the rust preventive oil, waste substance, foreign substance and others attached on the surface of the vehicle part. it is mixed in water with the detergent.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  railway component washing machine. a type of cleansing machine that washes residue off railway component parts such as air con filters.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  tire retreading machine. a machine to recycle worn tires, where the tire body is used and the old and worn tread is removed through scratch and application of a new tread.. "
"vehicle servicing equipment.  tire iron. used to aid in removing the lug nuts when changing a tire.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. . "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. growler tester. a device that inspects for open circuits, short circuits and ground of engine or motor coils, alternators, armatures and stators of starter.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. dwell tachometer. a device that measures the angle of cam and number of engine rotations.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. diesel smoke tester. a device that measures the smoke discharged by vehicle diesel engines using light penetration and reflection.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. radiator tester. a device that tests the condition and performance of vehicle radiators by testing the capability of caps and leakage of core or tank of radiator by applying air pressure.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. engine distributor tester. a tester that measures the condition and performance of vehicle electrical system specifically the primary current frequency for ignition, electric power distribution of secondary high voltage current, ignition timing following the rotation speed and load.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. battery hydrometer. a type of meter that determines battery condition before recharging and discharging by measuring the specific gravity of electrolytes.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. bearing oil leakage detector. a type of detection device that detects and records the volume of oil leaked from the engine bearing or vehicle drive.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. brake tester. a device designed to check and measure the braking capability of vehicle.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. side slip tester. a type of alignment device that checks for discrepancies in vehicle front wheel alignment such as toe in, camber and caster.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. chassis dynamometer. a device that checks and measures the density of exhaust gas against the standard allowable for the design power of the vehicle and its loaded condition as it is referred to as the chassis dynamo.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. speedometer tester. a device that checks and measures the condition and performance of vehicle speed indicators.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. stall tester. a diagnostic device designed to check the condition and performance of torque converters, front and rear brake bands, front and rear clutch by measuring the maximum rotation speed of engine for each range while the brake is on from the vehicle with the automatic transmission.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. spark plug gap gauge. a gauge that measures the gap on engine spark plugs.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. spark plug tester. a device that measures spark gap and ignition and determines condition and performance.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. armature tester. a diagnostic device for checking the condition and performance of armatures in vehicles.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. compression type spring tester. a device for testing the tension or reactive force compression type coil springs on valves, clutches and cylinder heads on internal combustion engines. it tests for free height, squareness of the spring with the spring placed on the plane part of the tester.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. compression pressure gauge. a device that measures the compression pressure when the piston reaches the top dead center of the compression stroke on reciprocating type internal combustion engines. it is used to detect damage or leakage in cylinder, piston, piston ring, valve, head gasket and others.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. air cleaner element tester. a device that inspects the function of element or filter in the air cleaner.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. anti lock braking system abs simulation tester. a diagnostic device for checking the condition and perormance of anti lock brake systems on vehicles.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. engine multimeter. a portable digital tester that measures the direct and alternating current, voltage and resistance, number of engine rotations, dwell angle, frequency, on vehicle engines.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. engine simulation tester. equipment that is used for improving the fault diagnosis capability of electronically controlled engines.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. engine injector tester. a testing device designed to check the condition and performance of the vehicle fuel supply system, specifically fuel clogging, leakage, pressure. the device determines fuel supply efficiency with the measurement of injection volume per certain stroke of fuel injection device.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. engine test bed. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. engine tune up tester. a device that checks compression pressure, timing, vacuum condition, exhaust release volume, carbon monoxide and hydrocarbon release, number of engine rotations and others for improving the engine capability.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. fuel consumption meter. a device that measures the volume of fuel consumed for each unit time of internal combustion engine or combustor.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. oil leakage tester. equipment that inspects for oil leakage from each part of vehicle.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. electronic control suspension ecs simulation tester. a testing device to determine condition and performance of electronically controlled suspension.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. automatic transmission tester. equipment used to test the capability and diagnose faults in vehicle automatic transmission performance.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. electronic control inspection system. equipment that is designed to check the vehicle electronic control part as used in the maintenance plant and others.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. headlight tester. a device designed to test the luminous intensity and angle of head lights for vehicle.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. vehicle window regulator tester. a diagnostic tool used to test and adjust the operation of vehicle window regulators.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. vacuum gauge for vehicle servicing. a gauge that is used to inspect for leakage of engine valves, delays of ignition time, leakage of head gaskets or manifold gaskets and damage to valve springs. it is comprised of a vacuum gauge, hose, adaptor, connector, case and others.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. camber caster gauge. a gauge that measures the tilting angle of camber, caster, and king pin when aligning the front wheels of the vehicle.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. coil condenser resistance or ohm tester. a diagnostic device designed test the capability of vehicle ignition systems, coils and condensers.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. tire pressure gauge. a device that measures the air pressure of vehicle tires.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. toe in gauge. a type of device designed to measure the toe in condition of front side of the front wheel of a vehicle.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. turning radius gauge. a gauge consisting of a turn table for measuring the turning radius of vehicle front wheels.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. automotive vehicle inspection system. equipment that is equipped with a comprehensive system for vehicle inspection used in motor inspection office or maintenance plant.. "
"vehicle testing and measuring equipment. specialized testing equipment for vehicles that includes detectors, gauges and test instrumentation used in the maintenance and repair of transport vehicles.. odometer. a device that indicates the distance covered in a vehicle trip. "
