"textile processing machinery and accessories. . "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. embroidery making machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. felting machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. winding or reeling or spooling machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. twisting machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. stitch bonding machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. knitting machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. weaving machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. finishing machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. spinning machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories. lace making machines. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  textile washing machine. a machine used for rinsing and washing large volumes of textiles prior to their conversion to workpieces.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  carding machine. a machine that brushes and straightens unorganised clumps of fibre and then aligns the individual fibres so that they are more or less parallel with each other.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  yarn assembly winder. a machine that combines 2 string, 3 string or more of single yarns in consistent tension.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  sizing machine. a machine that coats strands of yarn with size to stiffen and strengthen yarn for further processing.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  raising machine. a machine that raises the soft nap on the surface of the woven fabric made in spun yarn to give cloth soft, fluffy texture.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  singeing machine. a machine for giving material a smooth sleek surface by burning off projecting fibers on cotton yarn, spun silk or woven fabric with heat of the heat plates or combustion flame.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  fine spinning machine. a machine that makes thread by twisting and thinning carded and drawn yarn --the roving-- to the desired thickness and winding it on a bobbin.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  thread unravelling machine. a machine used in weaving and knitting that unwinds and unravels thread.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  laboratory spinning system. spinning equipment that is designed to be used in a laboratory for synthetic textile manufacturing. the spinning solution is extruded into an acid or alkali bath or air to form the filament and this machine winds it onto a bobbin.. "
"textile processing machinery and accessories.  warping machine. a machine for preparing yarns in parallel, under the same tension, and in the right order according to color and end type, for weaving.. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. . "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. button covering machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. button sewing machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. buttonhole machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. cloth cutting machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. cushion filling machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. folding or rewinding machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. bleaching machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. fabric or cloth folding machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. reeling or unreeling machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. dyeing machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. cutting or pinking machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. sewing machine needles. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. silk processing machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. sewing machines. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories. fabric cutting tables. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories.  dyeing tester. a device designed to test material to determine dyeing ability between fiber and dye.. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories.  fabric frame. pictoric support, frame generally made in wood supporting a wood plate or painted fabric piece.. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories.  grip of overlock sewing machine. instrument of the overlock sewing machine used to thread. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories.  hemmer for sewing machine. sewing machine accessory to perform light spiral binds of 2 fabric clothing. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories.  textile turning machine. it is composed of a fixed table or bench, a frame or mobile table and motor means to rotate angularly the frame or mobile table regarding the fixed table or bench by placing it between two end positions, usually for shirt necks and cuffs.. "
"textile working machinery and equipment and accessories.  fabric splicing machine. industrial equipment to fuse small pieces such as cuffs, necks, waistbands, shirt front, tiles, etc.. "
