"boiler and furnace construction and maintenance services. the installation and main encasement of boiler and furnace systems and components. . "
"boiler and furnace construction and maintenance services. the installation and main encasement of boiler and furnace systems and components. boiler maintenance service. the maintenance of boilers owned by others. "
"boiler and furnace construction and maintenance services. the installation and main encasement of boiler and furnace systems and components. boiler installation and setup service. the installation or setting up of boilers owned by others. "
"boiler and furnace construction and maintenance services. the installation and main encasement of boiler and furnace systems and components. heating system maintenance and repair service. the repair and maintenance of heating systems owned by others. "
"boiler and furnace construction and maintenance services. the installation and main encasement of boiler and furnace systems and components. hydronics heating system maintenance and repair service. the repair and maintenance of hydronic heating systems owned by others. "
"boiler and furnace construction and maintenance services. the installation and main encasement of boiler and furnace systems and components. boiler pressure controller installation. "
"boiler and furnace construction and maintenance services. the installation and main encasement of boiler and furnace systems and components. boiler pressure controller maintenance or repair or operation. "
"plumbing construction services. the building of plumbing systems owned by others. . "
"plumbing construction services. the building of plumbing systems owned by others. septic system construction service. the building of septic systems and tanks owned by others. "
"plumbing construction services. the building of plumbing systems owned by others. fire sprinkler system installation service. the building of fire sprinkler systems owned by others. "
"plumbing construction services. the building of plumbing systems owned by others. irrigation sprinkler system installation service. the building of irrigation sprinkler systems owned by others. "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. . "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. hvac mechanical construction service. the building of mechanical systems owned by others. "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. hvac process piping construction service. the building of process piping systems owned by others. "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. hvac solar energy construction service. the building of solar energy power systems owned by others. "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. hvac ventilation and duct work construction service. the building of ventilation and duct work owned by others. "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. hvac refrigeration construction service. the building of refrigeration systems owned by others. "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. hvac heating system construction service. the building of heating systems owned by others. "
"heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac construction and maintenance services. the building and maintenance or repair of heating and air-conditioning systems owned by others. heating and cooling and air conditioning hvac installation and maintenance service. service to install or reinstall, maintain or repair hvac systems including heaters, ventilators air conditioners, coolers or refrigeration units.. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. . "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. residential painting service. the application of paint to residences owned by others. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. commercial painting service. the application of paint to commercial structures owned by others. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. industrial painting service. the application of paint to industrial structures owned by others. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. aircraft painting service. the application of paint to aircraft owned by others. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. bridge painting service. the application of paintto bridges owned by others. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. pavement marking service. the application of paint markings to pavement owned by others. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. ship painting service. the application of paint to ships owned by others. "
"painting and paper hanging services. the application of paint and paper coatings to structures owned by others. paper hanging service. the application of paper to structures owned by others. "
"wall covering construction services. the application of wall coverings to structures owned by others. . "
"wall covering construction services. the application of wall coverings to structures owned by others. commercial wall covering construction service. the application of wall coverings to commercial structures owned by others. "
"wall covering construction services. the application of wall coverings to structures owned by others. residential wall covering construction service. the application wall coverings to residential structures owned by others. "
"wall covering construction services. the application of wall coverings to structures owned by others. rope access work positioning service. rope access is a form of work positioning, initially developed from techniques used in climbing and caving, which applies practical ropework to allow workers to access difficult-to-reach locations without the use of scaffolding, cradles or an aerial work platform.. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. . "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. lighting installation services. the installation of electrical lighting systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. electric power system construction service. the installation of electrical power systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. cogeneration plant construction service. the construction of electrical cogeneration plants owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. computer power conditioning service. the installation of electrical computer power conditioning systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. standby or emergency power installation service. the installation of standby or emergency electrical power systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. switchgear and related devices installation service. the installation of switchgear and related devices owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. electronic controls installation service. the installation of electronic control systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. computerized controls installation service. the installation of computerized control systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. energy management controls installation service. the installation ofenergy management control systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. environmental system control installation service. the installation of environmental system controls owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. lighting system maintenance or repair service. electrical lighting system maintenance and repair services. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. standby or emergency power maintenance service. the maintenance or repair of standby or emergency electrical power systems owned by others. "
"electrical system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of structural electrical systems owned by others. electrical inspection service. service to inspect electrical materials, equipment, systems, and installations for safety, reliability, quality and conformance to governmental, industrial and company safety codes, specifications and standards. may include testing, commissioning and operation of equipment and systems to demonstrate compliance with governmental, industrial and company codes, specifications, standards and technical requirements.. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. . "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. cable television installation service. the installation of cable television systems owned by others. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. fiber optic cable installation service. the installation of fiber optic cable owned by others. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. specialized sound equipment installation service. the installation of sound equipment owned by others. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. telephone and telephone equipment installation service. the installationof telephones and telephone equipment owned by others. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. voice and data and video wiring service. the installation of wiring for voice, data and video systems owned by others. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. underground engineering for communication equipment. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. overground engineering for communication equipment. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. satellite system maintenance or repair service. service to perform maintenance or repair of satellite systems and related equipment. "
"specialized communication system services. the installation, repair and maintenance of specialized communication systems owned by others. satellite system hub support service. includes hardware, software support of satellite system hub. "
"safety and security system installation services. the installation of specialized safety and security systems owned by others. . "
"safety and security system installation services. the installation of specialized safety and security systems owned by others. access control system installation service. the installation of access control systems owned by others. "
"safety and security system installation services. the installation of specialized safety and security systems owned by others. closed circuit television system installation service. the installation of closed circuit television systems owned by others. "
"safety and security system installation services. the installation of specialized safety and security systems owned by others. fire detection and burglar alarm systems installation service. the installation of fire detection and burgular alarm systems owned by others. "
"safety and security system installation services. the installation of specialized safety and security systems owned by others. safety instrumented system installation and maintenance service. service to install, maintain or repair safety instrumented systems. "
"safety and security system installation services. the installation of specialized safety and security systems owned by others. surveillance and electronic security system equipment maintenance service. maintenance of the surveillance and electronic equipment comprising a security system. "
"machine installation and maintenance and repair services. the installation and maintenance of specialized machinery owned by others. . "
"machine installation and maintenance and repair services. the installation and maintenance of specialized machinery owned by others. banking machine installation and maintenance. the installation, repair and maintenance ofbanking machines owned by others. "
"machine installation and maintenance and repair services. the installation and maintenance of specialized machinery owned by others. machinery component refurbishing and repair service. service that repairs and refurbishes machine components.. "
"machine installation and maintenance and repair services. the installation and maintenance of specialized machinery owned by others. vending machine installation and maintenance service. service to provide and maintain vending machines including placement, replenishment and cash collection. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. . "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. foundation building service. the pouring of structural foundations on property owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. bricklaying service. the laying, repair and maintenance of bricks on property owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. chimney construction and maintenance service. the erection, repair and maintenance of chimneys on structures owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. concrete block masonry service. the laying, repair and maintenance of concrete block on property owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. drain tile installation service. the installation of tile drains owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. exterior marble masonry service. the installation, repair and maintenance of marble and marble products forming the exterior of structures owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. refractory or acid brick masonry service. the laying, repair and maintenance of acid or refractory bricks on property owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. stone masonry service. the installation, repair and maintenance ofstone and stone products forming the exterior of structures owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. mortar tuckpointing or restoration service. the installation, repair and maintenance of mortar to the joints of structures owned by others. "
"masonry and stonework services. the installation, repair and maintenance of masonry and stone structures on property owned by others. unit paver installation service. the laying of paver blocks on property owned by others. "
"plastering and drywall services. the installation, repair and maintenance of plaster and drywall to structure and property owned by others. . "
"plastering and drywall services. the installation, repair and maintenance of plaster and drywall to structure and property owned by others. drywall installation and repair service. the hanging, repair and maintenance of mortar to drywall owned by others. "
"plastering and drywall services. the installation, repair and maintenance of plaster and drywall to structure and property owned by others. fresco installation and repair service. the creation, repair and maintenance of frescos to structures owned by others. "
"plastering and drywall services. the installation, repair and maintenance of plaster and drywall to structure and property owned by others. mantel installation and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of mantels to structures owned by others. "
"plastering and drywall services. the installation, repair and maintenance of plaster and drywall to structure and property owned by others. plain or ornamental plastering service. the installation, maintenance and repair of plain and ornamental plaster to structures owned by others. "
"plastering and drywall services. the installation, repair and maintenance of plaster and drywall to structure and property owned by others. stucco installation and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of stucco to structures owned by others. "
"acoustical and insulation services. the hanging, repair and maintenance of insulation and acoustical materials to structures owned by others. . "
"acoustical and insulation services. the hanging, repair and maintenance of insulation and acoustical materials to structures owned by others. acoustical and ceiling work service. the hanging, repair and maintenance ofacoustical tile and ceiling panels to structures owned by others. "
"acoustical and insulation services. the hanging, repair and maintenance of insulation and acoustical materials to structures owned by others. exterior insulation and finishing service. the application, repair and maintenance of external insulation and finish to structures owned by others. "
"acoustical and insulation services. the hanging, repair and maintenance of insulation and acoustical materials to structures owned by others. building insulation service. the hanging, repair and maintenance ofinsulation to the interior of buildingsowned by others. "
"acoustical and insulation services. the hanging, repair and maintenance of insulation and acoustical materials to structures owned by others. solar reflecting insulation film service. the hanging, repair and maintenance ofsolar reflecting insulation film to structures owned by others. "
"terrazzo tile and marble and mosaic services. the installation, repair and maintenance of terrazzo, tile, marble and mosaic products to the interior of structuresowned by others. . "
"terrazzo tile and marble and mosaic services. the installation, repair and maintenance of terrazzo, tile, marble and mosaic products to the interior of structuresowned by others. interior marble installation service. the installation of marble products to the interior of structures owned by others. "
"terrazzo tile and marble and mosaic services. the installation, repair and maintenance of terrazzo, tile, marble and mosaic products to the interior of structuresowned by others. mosaic creation and repair service. the creation, repair and maintenance ofmosaics to structures owned by others. "
"terrazzo tile and marble and mosaic services. the installation, repair and maintenance of terrazzo, tile, marble and mosaic products to the interior of structuresowned by others. terrazzo installation and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of terrazzo to structures owned by others. "
"terrazzo tile and marble and mosaic services. the installation, repair and maintenance of terrazzo, tile, marble and mosaic products to the interior of structuresowned by others. ceramic tile installation service. the installation of ceramic tiles to structures owned by others. "
"carpentry services. the installation, repair and maintenance of carpentered components of the interior of structures owned by others. . "
"carpentry services. the installation, repair and maintenance of carpentered components of the interior of structures owned by others. rough carpentry service. the installation, repair and maintenance of rough carpentered components to the interior of structures owned by others. "
"carpentry services. the installation, repair and maintenance of carpentered components of the interior of structures owned by others. finish carpentry service. the installation, repair and maintenance of finished carpentry to the interiorstructures owned by others. "
"carpentry services. the installation, repair and maintenance of carpentered components of the interior of structures owned by others. cabinet building and installation service. the building, installation, repair and maintenance of cabinets in the interiors of structures owned by others. "
"window and door installation and erection services. the erection, installation, repair, and maintenance of windows and doors for structures owned by others. . "
"window and door installation and erection services. the erection, installation, repair, and maintenance of windows and doors for structures owned by others. garage door installation or erection service. the installation or erection of garage doors for structures owned by others. "
"window and door installation and erection services. the erection, installation, repair, and maintenance of windows and doors for structures owned by others. prefabricated window and door installation service. the installation of prefabricated windows and doors for structures owned by others. "
"window and door installation and erection services. the erection, installation, repair, and maintenance of windows and doors for structures owned by others. entryway and exit framing service. the framing of entrances, exits and infrastructure for structures owned by others. "
"window and door installation and erection services. the erection, installation, repair, and maintenance of windows and doors for structures owned by others. metal stud installation service. the installation of metal studs in the building of structures owned by others. "
"window and door installation and erection services. the erection, installation, repair, and maintenance of windows and doors for structures owned by others. store fixture installation service. the installation of store fixtures in stores owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. . "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. access flooring system installation service. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring systems in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. asphalt tile installation service. the installation of asphalt tiles in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. carpet laying service. the installation of carpet in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. ceramic floor tile installation service. the installation of ceramic floor tiles in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. linoleum installation service. the installation of linoleum flooring in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. resilient floor laying service. the installation of resilient flooring in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. vinyl floor tile and sheet installation service. the installation of vinyl flooring in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. wood floor installation and refinishing service. the installation of wood flooring in structures owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. floor leveling service. the leveling of floor in properties owned by others. "
"floor laying services. the installation, repair and maintenance of flooring in structures owned by others. concrete flooring installation service. installation of cement or concrete floors. "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. . "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. roofing service. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing in structures owned by others. "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. gutter and downspout service. the installation, repair and maintenance of gutters and downspouts in structures owned by others. "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. skylight installation service. the installation, repair and maintenance of skylights in structures owned by others. "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. architectural sheet metal service. the installation, repair and maintenance of architectural sheet metal in structures owned by others. "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. ceiling erection and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of ceilings in structures owned by others. "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. siding installation and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of siding in structures owned by others. "
"roofing and siding and sheet metal services. the installation, repair and maintenance of roofing, siding and sheet metal in structures owned by others. chute installation service. the installation of chutes in structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. . "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. exterior concrete stucco service. the installation, repair and maintenance of concreteand associated substances in structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. grouting service. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. gunite installation service. the installation, repair and maintenance of concreteand associated substances in structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. curb construction service. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. sidewalk or ramp construction service. the creation and maintenance of concrete sidewalks or ramps for structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. driveway construction service. the creation and maintenance of concrete driveways for structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. retaining wall construction service. the creation and maintenance of concrete retaining wall structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. parking lot construction service. the creation and maintenance of concrete parking lot structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. concrete pumping service. the pumping of concrete and associated substances into structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. foundation and footing construction service. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete footings and foundations in structures owned by others. "
"concrete installation and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of concrete and associated substances in structures owned by others. concrete patio construction service. the installation and maintenance of concrete patios in structures owned by others. "
"water well drilling services. the drilling and maintenance of water wells on property owned by others. . "
"water well drilling services. the drilling and maintenance of water wells on property owned by others. domestic water well drilling service. the drilling and maintenance of water wells on property owned by others. "
"water well drilling services. the drilling and maintenance of water wells on property owned by others. geothermal water well drilling service. the drilling and maintenance of geothermal water wells on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. . "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. metal building front installation service. the erection and maintenance of metal building fronts on buildings owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. concrete reinforcement placing service. the erection and maintenance of concrete reinforced structural steel components on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. elevator front installation service. the installation and maintenance of elevator fronts on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. exterior metal wall system installation service. the erection and maintenance of external metal wall systems on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. structural iron work service. the erection, repair and maintenance of structural iron works on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. metal lath and furring service. the lathing and furringof structural steel components on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. precast concrete structural framing panel placing service. the erection and maintenance of precast concrete and steel structural framingpanels on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. smoke stack installation service. the erection of smoke stacks on property owned by others. "
"structural steel erection services. the erection and maintenance of structural steel components on property owned by others. metal storage tank erection service. the erection of metal storage tank steel components on property owned by others. "
"glass and glazing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of glass and glazed products in strutures owned by others. . "
"glass and glazing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of glass and glazed products in strutures owned by others. ballistic resistant glazing installation service. the installation of ballistically resistant glass and glazed products in structuresand owned by others. "
"glass and glazing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of glass and glazed products in strutures owned by others. glazing installation and repair service. the installation, repair, and maintenance of glass and glazed products in structures owned by others. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. . "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. bowling alley installation service. the building or remodeling of bowling alleys. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. indoor sport court construction service. the building or remodeling of indoor sport courts. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. playground construction and equipment installation service. the building or remodeling of playgrounds and playground equipment. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. spa or hot tub construction and installation service. the building, installation and remodeling of spas or hot tubs. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. swimming pool construction service. the building or remodeling of swimming pools. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. athletic field construction service. the building of athletic fields owned by others. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. golf course construction service. the building of golf courses owned by others. "
"athletic and recreational facility construction services. the building, remodeling and maintenance of athletic and recreational facilities. tennis court construction service. the building of tennis courts owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. . "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. plastic coating of concrete structures service. the installation of plastic coating on concrete structures in structures owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. metal structure coating service. the installation and maintenance of coatings on metal structures in structures owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. corrosion control service. the installation, repair, and maintenance of products involved in the control of corrosion in structures owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. damp proofing service. the installation and maintenance of damp proofing on structures owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. caulking service. the application repair or maintenance of caulking on a structure. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. building fireproofing service. the installation and maintenance of fire proofing on structures owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. glazing of concrete surfaces service. the installation and maintenance of glazing on concrete products in structures owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. insulation of pipes and boilers service. the installation and maintenance of insulation on piping and boilers in structures owned by others. "
"coating and caulking and weather water and fireproofing services. the installation, repair, and maintenance of coatings, caulking, weatherproofing, waterproofing or fireproofing for structures owned by others. waterproofing service. the installation, repair, and maintenance of water proofing for structures owned by others. "
"service station equipment installation and maintenance services. the installation or maintenance of service station equipment for service stations owned by others. . "
"service station equipment installation and maintenance services. the installation or maintenance of service station equipment for service stations owned by others. gasoline pump installation service. the installation of gasoline pumps in structures owned by others. "
"service station equipment installation and maintenance services. the installation or maintenance of service station equipment for service stations owned by others. diesel pump installation service. the installationof diesel pumps on structures owned by others. "
"service station equipment installation and maintenance services. the installation or maintenance of service station equipment for service stations owned by others. service station equipment maintenance and or repair service. service to maintain or repair fuel system equipment, underground tanks, monitoring equipment, pumps and dispensers, submersible turbine pumps and accessories. "
"rigging and scaffolding services. the erection, use and dismantling of rigging and scaffolding on structures owned by others. . "
"rigging and scaffolding services. the erection, use and dismantling of rigging and scaffolding on structures owned by others. rigging services. "
"rigging and scaffolding services. the erection, use and dismantling of rigging and scaffolding on structures owned by others. scaffolding services. "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. . "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. building exterior cleaning service. the cleaning of exteriors on buildings owned by others. "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. building exterior sandblasting service. the sandblasting of building exteriors owned by others. "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. building exterior steam cleaning service. the steam cleaning of building exteriors owned by others. "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. high pressure water blasting. "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. construction site clean up service. the cleaning of construction sites owned by others. "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. new building post construction cleanup service. the cleaning of new buildings following the completion of construction work on sites owned by others. "
"structural exterior cleaning services. the cleaning of exteriors on structures owned by others. construction site haul away service. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. . "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. bathtub refinishing and repair service. the refinishing and repair of bathtubs owned by other people. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. closet organizer installation and repair service. the building, installation, repair and maintenance of organizers for closets in structures owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. counter top installation service. the forming and installation of counter tops owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. drapery track installation service. the installation and repair of drapery tracks owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. kitchen and bathroom remodeling service. the remodeling and repair of kitchens and bathrooms owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. office furniture installation or reconfiguration service. the installation or reconfiguration of office furniture owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. plastic wall tile installation service. the installation of plastic wall tile owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. window treatment installation service. the installation of window treatments on windows owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. domestic or commercial appliance installation service. the installation of appliances owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. prefabricated fireplace installation service. the installation of prefabricated fireplaces owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. kitchen cabinet installation service. the installation of kitchen cabinets owned by others. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. interior design or decorating. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. office furniture lease and maintenance service. service includes the leasing of furniture as well as maintenance or repair.. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. upholstery service. upholsterers provide furniture, especially chairs and sofas, with padding, springs, webbing, and fabric or leather covers. "
"interior finishing and furnishing and remodeling services. the finishing, furnishing and remodeling of building interiors owned by other people. office furniture repair service. service to repair office furniture already purchased or installed.  this would include fixing broken furniture, replacing drawers, cabinets, locks etc. "
"parking facility construction and equipment installation and maintenance and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of parking facility equipment owned by others. . "
"parking facility construction and equipment installation and maintenance and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of parking facility equipment owned by others. parking facility equipment installation. the installation of parking facility equipment owned by others. "
"parking facility construction and equipment installation and maintenance and repair services. the installation, repair and maintenance of parking facility equipment owned by others. parking lot maintenance. the maintenance of parking lots owned by others. "
"building site preparation services. the preparation and maintenance of building sites owned by others. . "
"building site preparation services. the preparation and maintenance of building sites owned by others. shoring and underpinning work. the preparation and maintenance of the shorings and underpinnings for building sites owned by others. "
"building site preparation services. the preparation and maintenance of building sites owned by others. mobile home site set up and tie down. the preparation and maintenance of mobile home site setups and tie downs for mobile homes owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. . "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. antenna installation service. the installation of antennas. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. artificial turf installation service. the installation of artificial turf. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. awning installation service. the installation of awnings. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. building mover service. the moving of buildings owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. cable splicingservice. the splicing of cables owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. core drilling and cutting service. the drilling of cores and cutting of holes on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. dewatering service. the dewatering of property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. diamond drilling and sawing service. the delivery of drilling and sawing services --using diamond bit tools-- on the property of others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. industrial dock and dock equipment installation service. the installation of industrial docks and related dock equipment. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. elevator installation maintenance and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of elevators. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. epoxy application service. the application of epoxy to property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. concrete forms erection and dismantling service. the erection and dismantling of concrete forms on projects owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. fence construction service. the building of fences owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. fiberglass installation and maintenance service. the building and maintenance of fiberglass structures owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. fire escape installation service. the installation of fire escapes owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. parade float construction service. the construction of parade floats owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. food service equipment installation service. the installation of food service equipment owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. fountain installation service. the installation of fountains owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. gas leak detection service. the detection of gas leaks on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. medical gas system installation service. the installation of medical gas systems owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. glass tinting service. the application of tinting to glass products owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. hydraulic equipment installation and maintenance service. the installation and maintenance of hydraulic equipment owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. lightning conductor erection service. the erection of lightning conductors owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. ornamental metal and iron work service. the installation, repairing and maintaining of ornamental metal and iron work owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. petroleum storage tank pumping and draining service. the pumping and draining of petroleum storage tanks owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. hydrogen cell refueling service. the refueling of hydrogen cell installations owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. posthole digging service. the digging of postholes on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. sign installation and maintenance service. the installation of signage on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. steeple jack installation and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of steeple jacks on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. tower bell installation and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of tower bells on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. on site welding service. the welding and welding repair of property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. window and door and screening installation and repair service. the installation, repair and maintenance of windows, doors and screening on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. theatrical prop or set or scenery construction erection and repair service. the construction, erection, maintenance and repair of theatrical props, sets and scenery owned by others.. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. underground petroleum storage tank installation service. the installationof underground petroleum storage tanks on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. nuclear power refueling service. the refueling of nuclear power stations owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. central vacuum cleaning system installation service. the installation of central vacuum cleaning systems on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. safe or vault installation service. the installation of safes or vaults on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. airwave shielding installation for computer room service. the installation of airwave shielding in computer rooms owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. building board up service. the boarding up of buildings owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. underground protective lining installation service. the installation of underground protective linings on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. target systems installation service. the installation of target systems on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. flag pole erection service. the erection of flag poles on property owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. industrial and commercial sprayingservice. the spraying of substances on industrial and commercial buildings owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. water hewning or use service. the service of using water to cut structural constructions on properties owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. ground water level reduction service. the reduction of ground water on properties owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. escalator installation service. the installation of escalators in properties owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. lift table service. the installation, repair and maintenance of lift tables in properties owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. balcony and external walkway service. the installation of balconies and external walkways in properties owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. sun screen service. the installation of sun screens in properties owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. shopping cart maintenance or repair service. shopping cart maintenance or repair service. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. grave relocation service. the excavation and relocation of graves owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. post disaster renovation and repair service. the associated post disaster renovation and restoration services for properties owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. broadcasting station repair service. the repair of broadcasting stations owned by others. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. catalyst loading or removal service. loading and removing of catalyst from equipment or vessels. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. tank cleaning service. service to clean industrial commercial tanks, above or below ground. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. tank maintenance or repair service. includes repair or maintenance of storage tanks owned by company; above ground or under ground, and associated equipment. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. storage tank rental service. service associated with rental of storage tanks which includes transportation, installation, maintenance, removal as well as supply of associated equipment such as spill guards, valves, lines, connectors, etc.. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. tank and line testing service. hydrostatic testing of tanks and associated lines and connectors. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. leak detection sealing and repair service. service to locate and seal leaks on valves, flanges, pipes using drilling, machining and sealant compounds. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. degassing service. service for the removal of organic gases or vapors and their displacement with air or nitrogen. portable vapor combustion or recovery units are used to degas tanks, pipelines and other equipment. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. air filtration service. service to provide rental and maintenance of filtration and supported equipment and materials to remove dust and particulates from air. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. hot tapping service. also known as pressure tapping, is the service to tap into a connection to existing piping or pressure vessel without the interruption of emptying that section of pipe or vessel. this means that a pipe or tank can continue to be in operation whilst maintenance or modifications are being done to it. the process is also used to drain off pressurized casing fluids. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. stopple or line stopping service. service to isolate a piping system to provide a shut off where none exists. this process involves installation of a control, plug, or temporary valve, that can be removed after alterations or valve replacements have been made. with a hot tap previously made on a line, a line stopper is attached to a temporary valve, and the valve is opened. the line stopper is hydraulically or mechanically pushed into the line to seal the pipe. there are various types of line stopping heads equipment used for such services. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. portable lighting equipment rental service. rental of portable equipment that provides lighting to the job or worksite. includes installation and maintenance services.. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. electrical copying equipment maintenance. service related to the maintenance of electrical copying equipment.. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. general office equipment maintenance. service associated with the maintenance of electrical office equipment.. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. temporary theatrical stage and platform rental and installation. rental and installation of temporary theatrical stages and platforms and associated rigging. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. graffiti removal and treatment service. a combined set of activities to remove graffiti from public property. this is done as soon as possible after the fact, particularly if offensive language is used.  activities may include painting over graffiti on wooden and painted surfaces, water blasting and sand blasting on hard surfaces. also treating surface so that graffiti paint will not adhere.. "
"specialty building and trades services. specialized building and trade services provided to property owned by others. fencing and railing service. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. . "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. air compressor rental and maintenance service. includes the rental of and or maintenance or repair of air compressors. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. heat exchanger maintenance or repair service. service for the maintenance or repair of heat exchanger equipment such as shell, tube, plate and others. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. rotary pump maintenance or repair service. service for the maintenance or repair of positive displacement rotary pumps. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. gearbox maintenance and repair service. service to perform maintenance or repair on various types of gearboxes. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. control valve maintenance and repair service. service for the repair, maintenance or monitoring of control valves. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. reciprocating compressor rental and maintenance service. includes the rental of and or maintenance or repair of reciprocating compressors. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. centrifugal compressor rental and maintenance service. includes the rental of and or maintenance or repair of centrifugal compressors. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. reciprocating pump maintenance or repair service. service to perform maintenance or repair on various types of reciprocating pumps. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. centrifugal pump maintenance or repair service. service to perform maintenance or repair on various types of centrifugal pumps. "
"distribution and conditioning system equipment maintenance and repair services. services to maintain or repair distribution and conditioning equipment such as pumps, valves, compressors and heating, cooling and ventilation systems. fin fan cooling tower maintenance and repair service. service to perform maintenance or repair of fin fan cooling towers. "
"instrumentation installation maintenance and repair services. services to install and maintain or repair instrumentation systems and equipment. . "
"instrumentation installation maintenance and repair services. services to install and maintain or repair instrumentation systems and equipment. instrument or meter maintenance and repair service. service encompassing inspection, monitoring, maintenance and repair of instrumentation and or metering equipment on a contract basis. "
"motive and electrical power generation equipment maintenance and repair services. services related to the building, maintenance, repair or overhaul of power generation equipment. . "
"motive and electrical power generation equipment maintenance and repair services. services related to the building, maintenance, repair or overhaul of power generation equipment. turbine equipment maintenance or repair service. maintenance, repair or overhaul of motive or electrical power generation equipment such as gas or steam turbines. "
"motive and electrical power generation equipment maintenance and repair services. services related to the building, maintenance, repair or overhaul of power generation equipment. motor installation and maintenance service. installation and maintenance of motors. "
"motive and electrical power generation equipment maintenance and repair services. services related to the building, maintenance, repair or overhaul of power generation equipment. steam turbine maintenance service. maintenance, repair or overhaul of power generation equipment such as steam turbine generators. "
"pipefitting fabrication and maintenance services. services include the lay out, fabrication, installation, repair and maintenance of piping fixtures used in the production and distribution of steam or hot water under low or high pressures, back-flow prevention, fire pump maintenance and repair and water treatment.. . "
"pipefitting fabrication and maintenance services. services include the lay out, fabrication, installation, repair and maintenance of piping fixtures used in the production and distribution of steam or hot water under low or high pressures, back-flow prevention, fire pump maintenance and repair and water treatment.. pipefitting fabrication service. service by pipefitters or steamfitters to lay out, assemble, or fabricate mechanical piping systems. work typically is with industrial process piping and heating and cooling systems where piping is under high pressure, which requires metals such as carbon steel, stainless steel, and many different alloy metals fused together through precise cutting, threading, grooving, bending and welding. "
"pipefitting fabrication and maintenance services. services include the lay out, fabrication, installation, repair and maintenance of piping fixtures used in the production and distribution of steam or hot water under low or high pressures, back-flow prevention, fire pump maintenance and repair and water treatment.. pipefitting maintenance or repair service. service by pipefitter or steamfitters to maintain and repair mechanical piping systems. pipefitters work with industrial process piping and heating or cooling systems. typical industrial process pipe is under high pressure, which requires metals such as carbon steel, stainless steel, and many different alloy metals fused together through precise cutting, threading, grooving, bending and welding. "
"heavy equipment installation and maintenance services. services that include the installation, maintenance and repair of heavy equipment. . "
"heavy equipment installation and maintenance services. services that include the installation, maintenance and repair of heavy equipment. heavy equipment maintenance and repair service. inspection, maintenance, repair or monitor heavy equipment at location. "
"heavy equipment installation and maintenance services. services that include the installation, maintenance and repair of heavy equipment. crane maintenance and repair service. service encompassing inspection, monitoring, maintenance and repair of fixed or mobile cranes on a contract basis. "
"heavy equipment installation and maintenance services. services that include the installation, maintenance and repair of heavy equipment. crane rental service. includes the rental or lease, maintenance or repair and operation of cranes. "
"animal habitat and enclosure construction and maintenance services. construction and structural maintenance of animal habitats and enclosures. requirements vary widely by species.. . "
"animal habitat and enclosure construction and maintenance services. construction and structural maintenance of animal habitats and enclosures. requirements vary widely by species.. construction of zoo habitat and enclosure for birds and flying species. construction and related activities and services regarding specialized habitats and enclosures for birds and flying species. "
"animal habitat and enclosure construction and maintenance services. construction and structural maintenance of animal habitats and enclosures. requirements vary widely by species.. construction of zoo habitat and enclosure for insects and invertebrates. construction and related activities and services regarding specialized habitats and enclosures for insects and invertebrates. "
"animal habitat and enclosure construction and maintenance services. construction and structural maintenance of animal habitats and enclosures. requirements vary widely by species.. construction of zoo habitat and enclosure for land mammals and primates. construction and related activities and services regarding specialized habitats and enclosures for land mammals and primates. "
"animal habitat and enclosure construction and maintenance services. construction and structural maintenance of animal habitats and enclosures. requirements vary widely by species.. construction of zoo habitat and enclosure for aquatic and amphibious species. construction and related activities and services regarding specialized habitats and enclosures for aquatic and amphibious species. "
"animal habitat and enclosure construction and maintenance services. construction and structural maintenance of animal habitats and enclosures. requirements vary widely by species.. construction of zoo habitat and enclosure for reptiles. construction and related activities and services regarding specialized habitats and enclosures for reptiles. "
