"keyboard instruments. . "
"keyboard instruments. pianos. "
"keyboard instruments. accordions. "
"keyboard instruments. musical organs. "
"keyboard instruments. celestas. "
"keyboard instruments.  melodion. a keyed instrument that produces sounds by vibrating its reed. its sound is made by using keyboards and a mouthpiece connected by a hose.. "
"keyboard instruments.  synthesizer. an electronic instrument that synthesizes various signals of different frequencies. it is generally used in conjunction with a computer.. "
"keyboard instruments.  melodica. a small keyboard instrument that creates sound by blowing wind and pressing keyboard. it has about 20~40 keys on the keyboard. one can hold the instrument in both hands to play by blowing air into the instrument or place it on the floor and blow air into the instrument by using long pipe connected to the instrument.. "
"brass instruments. . "
"brass instruments. trumpets. "
"brass instruments. trombones. "
"brass instruments. sousaphones. "
"brass instruments. saxophones. "
"brass instruments. whistle. "
"brass instruments. bugles. "
"brass instruments. saxhorns. "
"brass instruments. french horns. "
"brass instruments. mellophones. "
"brass instruments. alto horns. "
"brass instruments. baritone horns. "
"brass instruments. flugel horns. "
"brass instruments.  nabal. a traditional korean brass instrument which is 1100~1200mm long, 100~200mm thick. it is made from brass, and blown lengthwise.. "
"brass instruments.  tuba. this is a brass musical instrument.. "
"brass instruments.  euphonium. it has structure of reduced tuba, and made of conical bore and bell with wide width, and has 3 or 4 valves.. "
"brass instruments.  tubaphone. a musical instrument that undertakes the bass part among the brass instruments that has deep inside for mouth piece with the rate of large cone and it has the most frequent use of instruments in key c and key bb.. "
"woodwind instruments. . "
"woodwind instruments. clarinets. "
"woodwind instruments. oboes. "
"woodwind instruments. musical flutes. "
"woodwind instruments. piccoloes. "
"woodwind instruments. musical cornets. "
"woodwind instruments. bagpipes. "
"woodwind instruments. harmonicas. "
"woodwind instruments. kazoos. "
"woodwind instruments. english horns. "
"woodwind instruments. ocarinas. "
"woodwind instruments.  daegeum. a traditional korean wind instrument which can be divided into jeong-ak daegeum and sanjo daegeum. it is 800mm long and 20mm wide, and has 6 hole and 2 octave ranges.. "
"woodwind instruments.  danso. a traditional korean wind instrument which is 390mm long and 20mm wide with 5 holes. it is made of old bamboo, and has 2 octave ranges. its sound is clean and clear, so it is suitable for recital.. "
"woodwind instruments.  toongso. a\u00a1\u00a1traditional korean wind instrument which can be divided into jeong-ak toongso and minsok toongso. it is made of a 500-550mm long old bamboo with a hole on it. it has 2.5 octave ranges.. "
"woodwind instruments.  taepyeongso. a traditional korean wind instrument which is also called hojeok, saenap, nalari. it consists of buri (a bill) with a reed inserted, bonchae (a body), and nabal, and is played by reed movement. its total length is 350mm whose buldge is 100mm in diameter. its body is made of an apricot tree, a citron tree, and a jujube tree. it has 8 holes and 2 octave ranges.. "
"woodwind instruments.  jeok. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 500mm and 20mm thick. it is made of bamboo and blown lengthwise. there are 8 finger holes including 2 extra holes. it has one octave and 4 tones.. "
"woodwind instruments.  dangjeok. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 400~450mm long and 20mm thick. it is made of bamboo and blown crosswise. there are 6 finger holes. it has two octaves and the sound is clear and bright.. "
"woodwind instruments.  dangpirie. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 200~400mm long and 12mm thick. it is blown lengthwise. it is made of old bamboo, and played with several layers of bamboo. there are 8 finger holes. it has more than one and a half octaves.. "
"woodwind instruments.  sepiri. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 250~350mm long and 10mm thick. it is blown lengthwise. it is made of bamboo, and played with several layers of bamboos. there are 7 finger holes. it has one octave.. "
"woodwind instruments.  so. a traditional korean woodwind instrument comprised of 16 thin pipes made of bamboo and mounted on top of the instrument. one side of the pipes is sealed and the other side is blown and played. it has one octave and 4 tones.. "
"woodwind instruments.  yak. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 400-550mm long and 20-40mm thick. it is blown lengthwise and made of bamboo. there are 3 finger holes. it has one octave.. "
"woodwind instruments.  junggeum. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 600~700mm long and 30mm thick. it is blown crosswise. it is made of old bamboo, and has 6 finger holes.. "
"woodwind instruments.  ji. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 300~500mm long and 20-25mm thick. it is blown crosswide. it is made of bamboo, and has 5 finger holes. it has one octave and five tones. its sound is soft and smooth.. "
"woodwind instruments.  sogeum. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 400mm long and 20-30mm thick. it is blown crosswise. it is made of bamboo. there are 6 finger holes. it has two and a half octaves and has the highest tone of korean wind instruments.. "
"woodwind instruments.  hyangpiri. a traditional korean woodwind instrument which is 250~300mm long and 10mm thick. it is blown lengthwise. it is made of bamboo, and played with a mouthpiece. there are 8 finger holes. it has two and a half octaves.. "
"woodwind instruments.  saenghwang. a korean traditional wind instrument with the length of 600mm consisting of 17 to 24 bamboo pipes around the wood board. the reeds are put in under the bamboo pipes with a hole, and blown and played by the mouth.it has 2 octaves in range.. "
"woodwind instruments.  hun. a korean traditional wind instrument with the diameter of 100 to 110mm made of clay.a player blows on the top hole.it has 5 holes and has one and a half octaves.. "
"woodwind instruments.  nagak. a traditional korean wind instrument.it is 360mm long and 540mm wide, made of a turnban shell.it varies in tone according to its size.. "
"woodwind instruments.  bassoon. this is a type of woodwind instrument.. "
"woodwind instruments.  musette. a type of bag pipe, which was highly popular in the 17th and 18th centuries, and has the two cylinder-type chanter and 4 to 5 tied-up drone and they are operated by arm.. "
"woodwind instruments.  contra bassoon. a woodwind instrument that has pitch range that is one octave lower than that of bassoon. it has length of approximately 1,500mm with 4 units of connected wooden pipes that are folded in parallel.. "
"woodwind instruments.  sarrusophone. a musical instrument that has several pipes bent in parallel and it has large holes on the instrument and the cap to cover it. this is the brass instrument used the double reed that is frequently used in military marching band.. "
"woodwind instruments.  siren horn. a sound effects musical instrument that makes the siren sound as it is also referred to as the horn that blows with the mouth for pitch to make different keys for adjusting the sound pitches.. "
"woodwind instruments.  recorder. a woodwind instrument that has the structure of the inner tube becoming narrower as it goes lower part, and is made of wood or plastic. for the large recorder, the key or damper is sometimes used.. "
"woodwind instruments.  clave. a musical instrument that is made with a pair of cylindrical wood stick of the length of 20 cm and thickness of 2.5cm and this percussion is widely used in latin american music.. "
"woodwind instruments.  quena. a wind instrument with a beveled edge used by the quechua and aymara inhabitants of the central andes of south america. it is made of ceramic and bones of animals and humans.. "
"woodwind instruments.  quenacho. an instrument of quechua or aymara origin. it belongs to the family of quenas, but its length is greater; therefore its registry is deeper. it is a hollow wand fabricated commonly with bamboo, but also with pvc, bones, mud, among others.. "
"woodwind instruments.  pan pipe. a type of wind instrument made up of multiple hollow tubes of different lengths. flute-like sounds are produced by blowing. there are different types such as zanka, malta, chulis, among others.. "
"string instruments. . "
"string instruments. harpsichords. "
"string instruments. clavichords. "
"string instruments. guitars. "
"string instruments. violins. "
"string instruments. harps. "
"string instruments. banjoes. "
"string instruments. mandolins. "
"string instruments. violoncellos. "
"string instruments. basses. "
"string instruments.  gayageum. one of korean traditional zither-type musical instruments. there are two types: jeong-ak gayageum and sanjo gayageum. it is made up of 12 silk thread-woven strings placed on the 1500 mm long and 300 mm wide wooden resonance board made out of paulownia or chestnut trees supported by 12 goosess foot-shaped frets. it is played with the fingers and has 2.5 octave ranges.. "
"string instruments.  geomungo. one of korean traditional musical instruments. there are two kinds: jeong-ak geomungo and sanjo geomungo. it is 1500mm long and 200mm wide and made up of 6 silk-thread woven strings placed on the wooden resonance board made of paulownia or chestnut tress. it is played by a plectrum, and has 3 octave ranges.. "
"string instruments.  ajaeng. the korean traditional 7-stringed wind instrument which can be divided into jeong-ak ajaeng and sanjo ajaeng with a 1300-1800 long and 370mm wide resonance board which is made of paulownia at the front and paulownia chestnut tree at the back, supported by 7 gooses foot-shaped frets. it is a low tone instrument with one octave range, and played by a bow.. "
"string instruments.  geum. a traditional korean stringed instrument which also called a chilhyeongeum or hwigeum. it is made up of a resonance board 900~1200mm long, 1500~2000mm wide made of paulownia tree or chestnut tree. it has 13 white pearls, whi, inlaid on the front board to make left hand fingering easier. each of the 7 silk thread strings is placed on goose foot-shaped frets or gwae on the board.. "
"string instruments.  dangbipa. a korean traditional string instrument which is also called gokkyeongbipa. its resonance board is made of hazel wood or mulberry and is 1000mm long by 300~400mm wide. its strings are comprised of 4 silk-woven threads. it is played with a bal, an ax-shaped wooden stick, or a finger covered with a thimble.. "
"string instruments.  daejaeng. a korean traditional string instrument which is made up of a resonance board of 1700mm long and 200~300mm wide made of paulownia wood. it has 15 silk-woven thread strings. each string is supported by a goose leg-shaped fret. the left hand presses down on the fret and the right hand plays daejaeng. the sound is low and magnificent.. "
"string instruments.  seul. a traditional string instrument with a resonance board 1800mm long and 320mm wide. it is made of paulownia wood or thorny ash. it has 25 silk-woven thread strings supported by goose leg-shaped frets. its sound range is 2 octaves.. "
"string instruments.  wagonghu. a traditional string instrument which is also called a bongsugonghu. it is made up of a 900mm long, 700~900mm wide resonance board made of chinese quince wood or zelkova. its 13 strings are usually made of silk-woven threads and are tied diagonally to the board. it is played by the finger.. "
"string instruments.  hyangbipa. a traditional korean string instrument which is also called jikgyeongbipa. its zither-shaped resonance board is made of 900~1000mm long, 300~350mm wide paulownia wood or chestnut. in general, its 5 strings are made of silk-woven threads. it is played by a plectrum or finger along with the left hand pressing the strings down on the fret.. "
"string instruments.  haegeum. a traditional korean string instrument whose resonance board is made of 600~700mm long, 90~100mm wide bamboo or paulownia wood. its 2 strings are made of silk-woven threads and played with a horsehair string stick. its sound tone is not settled, but depends on the place the hand is put on and the degree of strength of the stick.. "
"string instruments.  sogonghu. a traditional korean string instrument with a length of 900mm and width of 450mm made of willow tree and zelkova tree.it is composed of 13 silk-thread strings and played by fingers.. "
"string instruments.  sugonghu. a korean traditional string instrument which is 900 to 1000mm long, 400 to 450mm wide consisting of resonance board made of willow tree and zelkova tree.21 silk-thread strings are set on the board, and played by fingers.. "
"string instruments.  yangkum. a korean traditional string instrument with the length of 1000 to 1100mm and width of 300 to 330mm. it is made up of wood board with 14 steel strings on the front side, and played by the bamboo stick.. "
"string instruments.  wolgeum. a traditional korean string instrument with the length of 1000 to 1200mm and width of 350 to 400mm, consisting of a resonance board,hollow body, made of paulownia tree with long thin wooden neck attached on the body and 13 frets set on it.4 strings are set lengthwise on the board and played.. "
"string instruments.  ukelele. a small stringed instrument of the lute family. it consists of 4 strings which are made from gut or nylon tied on a wooden resonance board. it has a narrow pitch, so it is generally played to accompany a song rather than play the melody itself.. "
"string instruments.  viola. a bowed string instrument in the violin family with a lower pitch than a violin. it is made up of a wooden resonance board with 4 strings made of gut or steel. it is mainly played in ensembles.. "
"string instruments.  morin khuur national instrument. a mongolian national bowed string musical instrument.. "
"string instruments.  yochin. a mongolian string musical instrument.. "
"string instruments.  yatga. a string musical instrument. traditionally used in mongolia with a wodden box and strings that are plucked. "
"string instruments.  shanz. a mongolian string musical instrument.. "
"string instruments.  zither. a plucked string instrument. it uses compressive strings along a large neck and a hollow resonance gourd to produce a sound rich to the ear with a complex harmonic resonance. it is mainly used in the classic hindustani, the zither was ubiquitous in hindustanis classic music since the middle age. this instrument is used in the whole indian sub-continent.. "
"string instruments.  charango. musical instrument of plucked strings or chordophone in full force in cultural areas influenced by the quechua and aymara people of south america. it has 10 strings organized in 5 double orders --sol, do, mi, la, mi. it has the shape of a small guitar approximately 60 cm long.. "
"string instruments.  bandurria. musical instrument similar to the guitar but smaller.  it has 6 paired courses of strings. it is played with a plectrum.. "
"string instruments.  angel. a plucked string instrument of the lute family of the baroque era. it combines features of the lute, the harp, and the theorbo. "
"percussion instruments. . "
"percussion instruments. cymbals. "
"percussion instruments. bells. "
"percussion instruments. tambourines. "
"percussion instruments. castanets. "
"percussion instruments. drums. "
"percussion instruments. xylophones. "
"percussion instruments. vibraphones. "
"percussion instruments.  jing. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is also called geum or geumjing with 380-400mm long in diameter, round brass basin-shaped without an extended rim. it is played by a drumstick wrapped in cloth. it makes a magnificent and soft sound, so it is used for chuita,buddhist music, jongmyo-jeryeak, folk music, shamanist music, nong-ak (farm music), etc.. "
"percussion instruments.  janggu. a traditonal korean percussion instrument which can be divided into jeong-ak janggu, musok-janggu, and poongmul-janggu. it is composed of a paulownia wood linked together, and each end of the wooden trunk was covered by cowhide which is fastened by 450mm long metal hoops. its sound is controlled by leather loops, and made by using a drumstick.. "
"percussion instruments.  kkwaengwari. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is a 200-220mm long, small basin-shaped brass instrument with a handle or strap hung on it to grab. it is played by a wooden mallet, and produces a clear and high-tone sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  buk. a traditional korean percussion instrument whose diameter is 300~400mm and length is 250~300mm. each side of the drum which is made of pine wood is covered by animal skins. it is usually played with drumsticks or by hands.. "
"percussion instruments.  galgo. a traditional korean percussion instrument. two hollow paulownia tubes which are 450-600mm in diameter are connected with each other, and each side is covered by horse skin. the sound tone is controlled by loops on the ropes. it is played by sticks on both hands.. "
"percussion instruments.  geongo. a traditional korean percussion instrument. it consists of 500-1000mm (in diameter) pine resonance boards, covered on each side with cowhides, and played by drumsticks. it is used for ceremony or rituals at the court, and is splendidly decorated.. "
"percussion instruments.  gyobanggo. a traditional korean percussion instrument with a diameter of 600~900mm. its resonance board is made of pine wood and covered by cowhide on each side. it is supported by 4 post frames and played with sticks.. "
"percussion instruments.  banghyang. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is also known as cheolhyang. it is composed of a 1800mm long, 1600mm wide iron frame and 16 pieces of iron which are suspended in the frame, and are hit and played by a gaktoi, a small mallet whose head is made of an oxhorn.. "
"percussion instruments.  sakko. a korean traditional percussion instrument which is also called sakbi. its resonance drum which is 400-450mm in diameter and 800-900mm long is made of pine wood covered by cowhide. it is suspended within a wooden frame and played by a mallet.. "
"percussion instruments.  sogo. a korean traditional percussion instrument, which is also called beokgu and maegubuk. it composed of a circular, wooden resonance board which is 170~210mm across and 15~20mm thick, with a handle covered by cowhide or dog skin put on the side of the resonance board. it is played with a small stick to hit the side or the center of the board. its performance style is not focused on the sound, but rather on the way it is played.. "
"percussion instruments.  yonggo. a korean traditional percussion instrument which is made up of a 400~600mm across, 210~250mm long wooden resonance drum covered by cowhide. two sides of the drum are suspended on a mans shoulder by iron hooks and played with the wood stick.. "
"percussion instruments.  ulla. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is composed of 10 jings of 100mm in diameter. it is played with a wooden mallet.. "
"percussion instruments.  eunggo. a traditional korean percussion instrument, which is also called eungbi. it is made of 400~450mm across, 600~650mm long pine structure covered by cowhide. it is played using a stick.. "
"percussion instruments.  jabara. a traditional korean percussion instrument, which is also called bara, bahl and jaegeum. it is a 250~450mm across, plate-shaped instrument made from brass. it is played by crashing one into another.. "
"percussion instruments.  jeolgo. a traditional korean percussion instrument. it is made of a 450~550mm across, 400~500mm long pine wood barrel covered by cowhide. it is placed on a bangdae, or square stand, and supported by a wooden bar in one corner and played using a stick.. "
"percussion instruments.  jwago. a traditional korean percussion instrument, which is made up of a 800~900mm across, 210mm long pine wood barrel with each side covered by cowhide. it is suspended on a wooden frame, and played using a stick.. "
"percussion instruments.  jingo. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is made up of a 900~1000mm across, 1500mm long pine wood barrel with each side covered by cowhide. it is placed on a square stand and played with a mallet. it is the biggest of korean drums.. "
"percussion instruments.  teukkyeong. a traditional korean percussion instrument, which is also called gagyeong. one piece of iron is suspended in the 1100mm wide, 2000mm high wooden frame. it is played with a gaktoi, an oxhorn-headed mallet. its sound is clean and clear.. "
"percussion instruments.  teukjong. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is composed of a 1100mm wide, 2000mm high wooden frame and a 500mm long bell which is suspended in the frame. it is hit and played with a mallet.. "
"percussion instruments.  pyeongyeong. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is made up of a 2900~3000mm wide, 2300~2500mm high wooden frame and 16 shaped seokgyeon, or stone bells which are suspended in the frame. they are hit and played with a gaktoi, an oxhorn-headed mallet. its sound range is one octave and 4 tones, and is very clear. it is used to tune up other korean instruments.. "
"percussion instruments.  pyeonjong. a traditional korean percussion instrument which is composed of a 2500~3000mm wide, 2400~2500mm high wooden frame and 16 bells suspended in the frame in two lines. they are played with a gaktoi, or oxhorn-headed mallet. its sound differs according to the strength with which the bells are hit. its sound range is one octave and 4 tones, and its sound is magnificent and sharp.. "
"percussion instruments.  eo. a korean traditional percussion instrument whose shape is a crouched tiger. it is made of wood with embellished by a 27 sawtoothed back. it is played with a bamboo stick whose head is 9-forked.. "
"percussion instruments.  nogo. a korean traditional instrument which is 400mm in diameter and 950mm in length.it is composed of two wooden drums placed crossed with each other and played by the drum stick.. "
"percussion instruments.  nodo. a korean traditional percussion instrument with two drums of 50mm in diameter and 310mm in length crossed with each other and place on the top of a long wooden pole.it is played in a way that a player leans the pole on one side and turns it from side to side, making the leather straps hit on both sides of the drum and producing sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  noego. a korean traditional percussion instrument with250 to 300mm across, 400mm long, 6 conic drums which are tied in one rope from the top of outer frame.a player performs hitting one of drums.. "
"percussion instruments.  noedo. a korean traditional percussion instrument with three drums 170mm in diameter and 300mm in length crossed with each other and placed on the top of a long wooden pole.it is played in a way that a player leans the pole on one side and turns it from side to side, making the leather straps hit on both sides of the drum and producing sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  bak. a korean traditional percussion instrument consisting of 6 pieces of birch with a length of 350mm and width of 70mm, which are tied in one knot by the strap.it is played by spreading and folding wide like a hand-held folding pan.. "
"percussion instruments.  bu. a korean traditional percussion instrument which is 320mm in diameter and 230mm in height in a shape of brazier made of clay in a way that it is fired.it is played by a bamboo stick with 9-strips at the end.. "
"percussion instruments.  yeonggo. a korean traditional percussion instrument composed of 8 conic drums with diameter of 250mm and length of 450mm respectively which are suspended with one rope in the outer frame.it is played by a stick.. "
"percussion instruments.  yeongdo. a korean traditional percussion instrument with 4 drums of 150mm in diameter and 270mm in length crossed with each other and place on the top of a long wooden pole.it is played in a way that a player leans the pole on one side and turns it from side to side, making the leather straps hit on both sides of the drum and producing sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  junggo. a korean traditional percussion instrument with a drum of 550 to 750mm in diameter and 700mm in length covered by the cow hide. the drum is placed on the wooden frame and played by the drum stick.. "
"percussion instruments.  chuk. a korean traditional percussion instrument.it is made by 400 to 600mm long, 300 to 450mm high wooden box with a hole on the center top.it is placed on the pedestal and played by the stick hitting on the center hole.. "
"percussion instruments.  mugo. a traditional korean percussion instrument consisting of a drum made of pine tree with a diameter of 900mm, and length of 600mm covered by the cow hide, a wooden support and a stick. the drum is put on the wooden support and played by 4 to 8 performers hitting and dancing.. "
"percussion instruments.  glockenspiel. a percussion instrument with a regular musical scale.it is made up of metal bars which vary in size and tone.it is hit and played by a mallet.it covers three octaves.. "
"percussion instruments.  maracas. an idiophone made by the shell of a maraca which is hollowed out and filled with dried seeds, and attached by a grip in each instrument.. "
"percussion instruments.  cabasas. a brazilian traditional percussion instrument made of maraca which is dried up and filled with pebbles, and composed of beads strung on the outer surface. the left hand presses the string of beads and the right hand twists the handle and plays.. "
"percussion instruments.  timpanies. it is composed of a hemispheric copper bowl with the diameter of 560 to 800mm which is covered with cowhide or other synthetic leather.it is generally played in pairs by mallets.its tone can be adjusted by the tension of leather by tightening and loosening tension rods.. "
"percussion instruments.  bongoes. a traditional percussion instrument in central & south america, consisting of a hollow wooden bowl with the diameter of 250mm and height of 200mm covered with animal skin. two drums are played in pairs, and played by the hand.. "
"percussion instruments.  congas. a traditional cuban percussion instrument with a diameter of 300mm, made of a hollow wooden bowl with its top covered by animal skin. it is played by both the hand and sticks.. "
"percussion instruments.  bell lyrases. a percussion instrument with regular scales, of which metal bars are placed in the order of scale, and played with a mallet.it is attached with the handle, which enables performance while marching.. "
"percussion instruments.  marimbas. an african traditional percussion instrument consisting of tuned wooden sound bars which are hit and played by sticks.it can cover 6 and a half octaves supportedby the resonance pipes.. "
"percussion instruments.  instrumental triangle. a triangular metal percussion instrument measuring 100mm to 150mm in length on one side. it is hung on a ring or a string, and is played with a stick, thus producing clean and refined sounds.. "
"percussion instruments.  maracases. a latin american idiophone which is composed of a maracas body and a seed. it is made by scraping out the contents of maracases, inserting seeds and attaching a handle to the body. it is played in pairs held in each hand.. "
"percussion instruments.  guiro. a latin american percussion instrument comprised of a gourd, or an oak, or an oxhorn which is notched in a parallel line along the body, and played with a wooden stick or a wire brush to produce sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  musical shaker. a type of idiophone which produces sound by shaking.it consists of two small barrels with millet or sand inside.it is played by shaking them, thus producing sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  wood gong. a device that is used to pound and make sound for chanting sutra or gathering people. wood is made like a bell by carving it in round shape with its center carved out in a way of attaching the handle in ring-shape.. "
"percussion instruments.  marching bells. a percussion instrument that is played by striking with a hammer for 18 metallic hanging pipes tuned with the chromatic scale.. "
"percussion instruments.  bronze or brass gong. a disk-shaped percussion instrument that is made of bronze or brass, and is also referred to as tam tam. the size may be made differently to play different pitch of the sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  tom tom. a percussion instrument that produces sound by hitting with drumstick with dimensions of diameter of 300mm and height of 250mm, and is used often in playing jazz music. it is often used in conjunction with other drums or cymbals rather than alone.. "
"percussion instruments.  timbal. a rhythmic percussion instrument used in playing latin music. it is composed of 2 drums made of metal with diameter of approximately 300~350mm placed on stand, 2 bells tuned at the interval of 4 degrees and 1 cymbals, and is played by hitting with drumstick.. "
"percussion instruments.  rainstick. also known as waterstick, it is a long and hollow tube filled with small rocks and seeds; internally, there are little wands of bamboo or wood driven into making a spiral which extends through the entire length. when the tube is inclined softly the seeds drop and the tapping with the little wands produces a sound similar to the falling rain or water.. "
"percussion instruments.  tinya. an aboriginal percussion instrument from the andean zone of south america. it is made up of very fine raw leathers causing a vibrating and sharp sound. it is also known as wankara or wankar.. "
"percussion instruments.  ton ton. a percussion musical instrument mounted in a steel rig mounted on a drum.. "
"percussion instruments.  woodbox. a musical percussion instrument of the idiophone family. in an orchestra the woodbox is an instrument grouped within the sub-group of small percussion. commonly, it is a rectangular holed wood plug, similar to an ingot, it consists of a small block of hard, flat, rectangular wood emptied around half centimeter in the side toward the upper part.. "
"percussion instruments.  vibraslap. percussion instrument consisting of a hard wire piece, folded with a handles shape, connecting the wood ball with a wood block that has metal teeth inside. when the percussionist holds the handle with one hand and beats the ball, generally against the palm of the other hand, the metal teeth vibrate against the wood block causing a distinctive tapping also known as trafaplas. "
"percussion instruments.  ronroco. a bolivian musical instrument from the charango family. it is formed by five double strings. this instrument is characterized by its hoarse sound, that is why it has that name.  it was developed by wilson hermosa, brother of gonzalo and hemmer hermosa, members of los kjarkas group.. "
"percussion instruments.  rattle, matraca. a musical percussion instrument of the idiophone family that has a body or board to which mobile gavels are attached and that are in charge of beating the body, according to the type of rattle it can have three, two or just one gavel, it also has a handle to hold it. sound is produced when holding the ratchet by the handle and spinning it. the continuous noise of the rattle is called rattling.. "
"percussion instruments.  rattle, cascabel. a small metal sphere with a small opening in which there is another one of smaller size. this sphere has a hole that allows resonance. the sound is produced by the clash between the two spheres, external and internal. it generally has a treble sound.. "
"percussion instruments.  donkey jawbone. it is percussion instrument used in several places of spanish america and in some of them, when used as such it is known as charrasca, cacharaina, charaina, carretilla or kahuaha. "
"percussion instruments.  cajon. the cajon or box is an idiophone percusion instrument of peruvian origin and extended use in several musical areas like modern jazz, new flamenco and latin music. in peru there are documented data regarding the existence of the cajon since the first half of the 19th century in afroperuvian folklore.. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. . "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. metronomes. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. reeds. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. instrument strings or picks. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. tuning pins. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. musical instrument stands or sheet holders. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. accessories for stringed instruments. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. percussion instrument accessory. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. music boxes or mechanisms. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. mouthpieces. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. musical instrument pouches or cases or accessories. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. mutes. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. tuning bars. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. conductors batons. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories. piccolo pads. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories.  musical instrument effects unit. a device which can be either rackmounted, or a foot pedal or stomp box that alters the sound of an electronic instrument such as a guitar, keyboard.the device sits between the instrument and an amplifier or mixer.. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories.  electronic instrument tuner. a device which enables an instrument to be accurately tuned using a visual display.. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories.  musical instrument case or protective carry bag. a hard case or padded carry bag used for protecting a musical instrument during transportation.not offering the same protection as a flightcase, but more transportable and lighter. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories.  musical instrument strap or harness. a strap or harness that supports an instrument when being played, usually when standing up.examples are guitar straps, saxaphone straps, drum harness etc.. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories.  musical instrument stand. a support stand that supports a musical instrument when not being played. "
"musical instrument parts and accessories.  drum stick. a specially designed stick, usually made out of quality wood, used for hitting drums.. "
"musical instrument sets. . "
"musical instrument sets. rhythm band sets. "
"alternative sounds musical instruments. . "
"alternative sounds musical instruments. boomwhackers. "
"alternative sounds musical instruments. disco taps. "
"alternative sounds musical instruments.  horses hoofs. a device that produces sound of walking and running of horse hoof by using human hands. it should be referred to as an acoustics device that produces sound effect rather than as a percussion instrument.. "
"music and dance accessories. . "
"music and dance accessories. dancing scarves. "
"music and dance accessories. rhythm sticks or lummi sticks. "
"music and dance accessories. rhythm wands or hoops. "
