"weight measuring instruments. . "
"weight measuring instruments. electronic toploading balances. "
"weight measuring instruments. laboratory balances. "
"weight measuring instruments. mechanical balances. "
"weight measuring instruments. pull spring balances. "
"weight measuring instruments. calibration weights or weight sets. "
"weight measuring instruments. animal weighing scales. "
"weight measuring instruments. bench scales. "
"weight measuring instruments. bodyweight measuring scales. "
"weight measuring instruments. floor or platform scales. "
"weight measuring instruments. postal scales. "
"weight measuring instruments. truck or rail scales. "
"weight measuring instruments. triple beam balances. "
"weight measuring instruments. moisture balances. "
"weight measuring instruments. balance weighing containers or bowls or boats or papers. "
"weight measuring instruments. weight measuring instrument accessories. "
"weight measuring instruments. analytical balances. "
"weight measuring instruments. axle load scales. "
"weight measuring instruments.  crane scale. a scale that measures the object with the scale attached on the ceiling to measure the weight. the display part is digitalized and widely used in the construction sites and industrial settings.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  conveyor weighting scale. an industrial scale that consecutively measures the weight of properties that pass the above belt conveyor.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  thermogravimeter. a scale that is used to measure the weight of certain mass when a substance is heated or maintained for certain degree of high temperature.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  hopper scale. a scale of hopper type that automatically measures by dividing the weight of cargo in bulk condition for pulverulent body, particle, lump shaped agricultural and fishery products, raw material for industrial use, product and others.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  weight prototype. an object or device that sets the standard to define the measurement unit of weight. the device has to be able to easily measure of the change by observation even if the indicated volume is slightly changed, and it has to maintain its property and unit shown for a long time.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  price indicating scale. a commercial scale that displays the charge following the weight of the goods. there are container removing function, price computation function, and change calculation function. it is structured for measurement plate and display part.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  automatic packer scale. a type of scale that is used to pack by measuring for certain level of quantity --volume for a pack-- for cigarette comes out of production from the plant.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  automatic selective scale. a scale that selects properties automatically for each weight with the pre-determined standard.. "
"weight measuring instruments.  domestic luggage scale. a device used for measuring the weight of a piece of personal baggage. the weight is usually measured by suspending the luggage beneath the scale secured by a hook or a strap. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. . "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. micrometers. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. pedometers. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. rangefinders. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. rulers. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. strain gauges. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. tellurometers. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. thread counters or gauges. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. distance meters. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. height gauges. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. laser measuring systems. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. measuring wheels for distance. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. feeler gauges. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. gage block set. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. go or no go gauge. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. etalon wedge. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. calipers. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. micrometer calipers. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments. thickness measuring devices. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  alexometer. an instrument for measuring orifices.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  curvimeter. a type of instrument designed for measuring the length of curved and crooked lines plotted on topographic plans, maps and graphical documents.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  gauge block. a precision ground and lapped measuring standard. it is used as a reference for the setting or calibration of measuring equipment.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  vee block. a high precision measuring instrument for angles and other measurements, it can have several shapes like \"m\" or \"x\" , but always follows a standard.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  wire meter. a device for measuring out lengths of wire, cable, rope, hose and other flexible materials easily and efficiently.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  cable or wire extension linear position sensor. a manual device that is used to measure with certain precision the distance between a source and a movable object by way of a wire or cable connecting them.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  dial indicator or dial gauge. a type of instrument used to accurately measure a small distance. also known as a dial gauge or dial test indicator (dti). "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  radius gauge. a gauge that measures the rounding part of automobile or machine component.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  cylinder gauge. a precision tool that is structured with the character board indicator installed on the pulley that moves on the support frame.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  air micrometer. a comparison measurement meter that uses the linear changes of air flux or pressure within the gap between the end of air-blowing nozzle and the measured surface.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  electrical micrometer. a micrometer that is indicated by amplifying electrically and converting the finite displacement volume of measuring ruler for contact type into quantity of electricity.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  gage block comparator. a measurement device that compares and inspects gauge block with the gauge block for master-level.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  cylinder diameter measuring equipment. equipment that is used to measure the diameter of conical-shaped products that may easily cause deformation on the size or get dirty when contacted or when it is in the condition of easily fragile, elasticity or high temperature.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  conical cup tester. a type of device that measures the diameter of the specimen in conical-shaped cup made for the korean standard test table with the thin steel sheet from 0.5mm to 1.6mm.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  cigarette circumference tester. a tester that is designed to measure the length of circumference or diameter of cigar or cigarette filter. it measures with the contact-type or noncontact-type, and there is device to measure the circumference and diameter simultaneously.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  screw plug gauge and cross recess. a gauge designed to measure the shape of a cross-recessed groove and the depth of the hole inscribed on the head of the screw components including, cross-recessed head machine screws, cross-recessed head taping screws, cross-recessed head wood screws and the like.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  welding gauge. an exclusive gauge that measures the bead size of the welding part while the sharp part of the butt weld or fillet weld for the two metals is removed.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  thread pitch gauge. this is used to inspect the pitch of internal or external screw.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  rail joint gap gauge. a gauge that is used to measure the gap between the rail routes.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  wire gauge. a plate gauge that is used to inspect the wire diameter with the nominal diameter or gauge number.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  pin gauge. a measurement gauge that is used to determine the accurate angle of the workpiece.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  sine bar. a measurement tool that is used to find out the accurate angle of the workpiece.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  telescoping gauge. a gauge that is designed to measure the diameter or width of the hole or groove with the plunger in which the spring is loaded. when the handle screw is rotated, the plunger is accurately affixed.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  hole gauge. a gauge that may precisely measure the inner diameter of small caliber in conjunction with the external diameter micrometer.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  taper gauge. a gauge that measures the inside diameter of pipes, various holes, and the size of taper part in the gap.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  tire depth gauge. a measurement instrument for tire thickness that is designed to measure the abrasion limit of vehicle tires under the road transportation act.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  drill gauge. a type of standard gauge that is made with each step for the size sequence. it is used to measure the diameters of drill, tap, machine screw, and general wire rod.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  cathetometer. it is the structure that is installed horizontally with the telescope that moves up and down the metal column that is erected vertically. the vertical pillar uses the tri-pot and is attached level to vertically adjust and the telescope adjusts levelness with the level attached to the upper part.. "
"length and thickness and distance measuring instruments.  compressometer. machine that conducts compression resistance assays in bottles and packages, according to standard specifications.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. . "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. ion microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. monocular microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. stereo or dissecting light microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. illuminators for microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. microscope objectives. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. photo attachments for microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. profile projectors. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. video attachments for microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. binocular light compound microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. combination electron and light microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. electron microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. inverted microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. magnifiers. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. loupes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. telescopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. borescope inspection equipment. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. binoculars. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. metallurgical microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. darkfield microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. scanning electron microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. transmission electron microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. fluorescent microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. scanning light or spinning disk or laser scanning microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. scanning probe microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. polarizing microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. acoustic microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. projection microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. wide field microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. microscope eyepieces. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. microscope condensers. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. microscope collectors. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. microscope tubes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. microscope stages. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. automated microscope stages. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. microscope covers. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. videoscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. fiberscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories. laboratory microscope replacement bulbs. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  automated optical inspection system. a system that captures, analyzes and/or archives product images to determine the presence or absence of defects.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope differential interference contrast equipment. equipment that uses the interference effect of light to display the object shown on plane to show the sense of dimension with the height by installing the prism corresponding to each multi-ratio of the objective lens on the condenser.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  periscope or protectorscope. an optical device that is made to see outside from the area blocked with its view, such as bunker or basement, by using the prism or mirror.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  autocollimator. a type of telescope that is used in the measurement of the micro-angle. the focus glass inscribed with the cross mark line or angle scale is placed on the focusing part of the objective lens. for the optical axis on the front of the objective lens, it is placed vertically to form on the same focusing part by the plane reflection glass for image. it measures the straightness, flatness, parallelism, micro-angle and others and is used for inspecting machine tool and angle gauge.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscopic micrometer. a meter that is used to measure the finite size of object by using the microscope. there are ocular and objective lens.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  micromanipulator. a type of device that is used by attaching to the microscope. it sets the tools, such as micro-pipet, finite cutter, finite injector and others, to have the finite maneuvering of cells, nuclear transplant, electric stimulation, cutting and others.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  optical lever. equipment that measures the change volume of finite angle by using the light reflection of mirror.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  industrial fiberscope. a type of device that inspects with the oil pipe by lighting up the inside with flexible cable with the light inserted through a small hole of the outside without the machine or structure, such as engine, generator, duct, or elbow, disassembled.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  multimedia image microscope. a microscope that includes the video analysis system.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  phase contrast microscope. a special microscope that is made for clear observation of the interior structure for the colorless sample.. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope anti vibration mat or table. table or mat that is designed to protect microscopes, their components and clinical specimens for microscopic examination from external oscillations or vibrations. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope fluorescence filter. excitation, emission, or dichroic filter utilized for coordinating spectral chromophores in fluorescent microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope filter cube or box. box or cube which houses spectral imaging filters for fluorescent microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  manual microscope nosepiece. the nosepiece or turret, which has manual rotation, that holds two or more objective lenses on a microscope. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  motorized microscope nosepiece. the nosepiece or turret, which has motorized rotation, that holds two or more objective lenses on a microscope. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope knob. knob that is used for coarse and fine vertical adjustment of the objectives and condenser of a microscope, or that is used for the horizontal and vertical adjustment of the microscope stage for optimal viewing of specimens. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope base unit. the bottom aspect of a microscope, utilized to support the viewing elements of that microscope. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope head. the upper part of the microscope that contains a one or two eyepiece lenses and prisms, and which attaches to the tube, generally referred to with compound light microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope body. the basic structural aspect of the microscope, which includes the eyepiece and objective lenses, but does not include the base, illuminators or focusing block. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  trinocular light compound microscope. a light compound microscope that contains three eyepieces. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope sample manipulation system and accessories. system and accessories that are mechanical and/or interfaced to be utlized with a microscope or multiple microscopes for manipulation of samples being observed. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  transmission electron microscopy tem grid or support film. electron transparent films or electron opaque grids utilized to support specimens when being studied by transmission electron microscopy. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  transmission electron microscopy tem grid storage box. box used for storage of specimen grids utilized in transmission electron microscopy. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope cleaning kit. cleaning kit utilized for preventive maintenance of microscopes. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope fitting. any replacement screw, clamp, adapter or other fitting utilized on microscope. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope stage slide clip. adjustable clip utilized to entrap and stabilize microscope slides on the stage of a microscope. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  handheld digital microscope. a digital handheld single ocular microscope that allows for viewing of specimens or objects on a computer screen, as well as photographic or video capture, and has magnification powers of 10x to 150x. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope stage warming system or incubator and accessories. a warming system or microincubator that rests on the stage of inverted microscopes and allows for in vivo observation of cell culture without disruption of growth environment. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  lighted box agglutination viewer. agglutination viewer that consists of a glare-free backlighting source for use with blood bank or other applications where magnification is not necessary. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  lighted mirror agglutination viewer. agglutination viewer that consists of an under placed magnifying mirror and above placed light to allow for undersurface observation of universal flocculation reactions. "
"viewing and observing instruments and accessories.  microscope pointer. a pointer within the eyepiece of the microscope that allows the viewer to reference a particular part of a specimen being observed and which can be moved by rotating the eyepiece. "
"non destructive examination equipment. . "
"non destructive examination equipment. eddy current examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. liquid penetrant examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. magnetic particle examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. ultrasonic examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. co 60 radiography examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. cs 137 radiography examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. ir 192 radiography examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. x ray radiography examination equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment. leak testing equipment. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  hot testing equipment station. test equipment station that contains equipment which monitors the performance of devices including engines and transmissions. \u00a0the device is hooked up to a test stand contained within the test station and all required fluids are supplied to start and run the device for an extended period of time. \u00a0the performance is then measured and recorded. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  cold testing equipment station. pre-operational automated engine test station designed to find and solve issues prior to running a hot test. cold engine testing includes hooking up an engine or major component such as transmission, hydraulic cylinder, etc. to a dynamometer test station and cycling the engine component to pressure and flow check the component for defects or check for issues.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  gamma ray radiography examination equipment. equipment for gamma ray generation and survey that undertakes the non destructive inspection with respect to the interior defect of metal material.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  industrial radiograph viewing illuminator. an industrial radiograph viewing illuminator that is used for classification, grading and others of permeability photo that is obtained by the radiation permeability test by the x-ray, gamma-ray and others.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  neutron radiography examination equipment. neutron has fine substance permeability for not having the electric charge. it is used it is used for the internal crystal structure study of substance, inspection of defective part or inspection of plastic or chemicals with the method of obtaining the penetration film of heat neutron by using the nuclear furnace of neutron source. this is the generating device of neutron thereof.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  reinforcement metal detector. a type of precision safety diagnosis equipment for the concrete structures that detects the iron reinforcing rod buried under the concrete structure or bridge and surveys the location and distance of the steel frames.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  displacement measuring instrument. an instrument that measures by converting the displacement into the electric volume and others.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  rice taste measuring system. it is used to evaluate the taste of rice in percentage by surveying and measuring the electromagnetic wave on the moisture protection membrane formed on the surface of the rice when actually cooked. it is also used for researches in developing the seed of rice.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  non destructive examination reagent. a chemical that is used in non-destructive examination. it is appropriate to the penetration inspection, and when testing all solid surfaces, it detects the material defect open on the surface.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  wire rope tester. a tester that measures the crack, short circuit and corrosion conditions of the wire rope.. "
"non destructive examination equipment.  fluorescence detector. a device that detects the presence of finite defect existing on the surface of the material by using the fluorescent solution. it is used for the flaw test of casting material, forging material, rolling material, welding material and others.. "
"indicating and recording instruments. . "
"indicating and recording instruments. counters. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electronic counters. "
"indicating and recording instruments. metal detectors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electronic columns. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electronic measuring probes. "
"indicating and recording instruments. chart recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. digital readout recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. graphic recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. magnetic tape recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. multipen recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. oscillographic recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. physiological recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. point plotting recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. servo recorders. "
"indicating and recording instruments. bi metallic sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. non contact sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. digital testers. "
"indicating and recording instruments. gyroscopic instruments. "
"indicating and recording instruments. detection apparatus for non metallic objects. "
"indicating and recording instruments. coordinate measuring machines cmm. "
"indicating and recording instruments. speed sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. lamp failure sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. pre ignition knock sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. oxygen sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. proximity sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. pressure sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. current sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. radiation detectors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electrical power sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. flow sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. liquid leak detectors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electrical charge sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. force or torque sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. tilt sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. complementary metal oxide semiconductor cmos image sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. rotary position sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. level sensors or transmitters. "
"indicating and recording instruments. acoustic sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. color sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. olfactory sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. opacity or dust or visibility sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electrical resistance or conductance sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electrical admittance sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. linear position sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. electrical inductance sensors. "
"indicating and recording instruments. chart recorder pens. "
"indicating and recording instruments. manual or electronic hematology differential cell counters. "
"indicating and recording instruments. hour meter. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  level indicator. there are various types of level indicators: one type is a bead type, some are of visible transparent material, some are of float type.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  humidistat. instrument for automatically controlling humidity in steaming cabinets and furnaces.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  hydrogen sulfide sensor. an instrument for detecting hydrogen sulfide in gas or oil.. "
"indicating and recording instruments. supplemental inflator restraint arming sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. liquid sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. solar sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. infrared temperature sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. oil pressure sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. manifold ambient pressure sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. fuel pressure sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. ultrasonic sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. occupant sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. brake wear sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. fuel level sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. seat belt tension sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  water sensor. an instrument that measures the presence of water.. "
"indicating and recording instruments. humidity sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  lateral long yaw sensor. an instrument that monitors yaw or side-to-side movement from a given axis.. "
"indicating and recording instruments. angular rate sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments. voltage control sensor. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  temperature sensor. an instrument designed to detect temperature changes.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  binary counter. a machine like a computer which counts in binary.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  supplemental inflator restraint sir or airbag coil assembly sensor. a sensor used in the coil assembly of supplemental inflator restraint sir or air bag systems to confirm presence of necessary components.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  particle counter. a counter that measures the number of particles for extremely finite pulverulent body or makes comparative measurement that are found in liquid, such as working oil, ultra pure water and others.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  heating sensor tester. a tester that is used for testing the capability and the operation condition of the heat sensor used in the fire facilities and others.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  magnetic field monitor. a magnet and a magnetic field detector that have the warning (alarm) functions if there are any magnetic field present, scope of its strength, and certain strength.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  water meter check system. a type of device that is designed to film the instruction marked on the water meter and others to recognize (inputs) the characters automatically and perform the inspection work. this is the portable small computer that may input and output the inspection contents and enables the transmission of the inspection contents.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  ion counter. a counter that is designed to measure a number of positive ion and negative ion in the air.. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  manual microhematocrit tube reader. device for manual reading and measurement of blood hematocrit level from spun microhematocrit tubes. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  data logger for clinical temperature controlled equipment. programmable recording system utlized for sampling, recording and storage of all temperature data for clinical equipment and instruments such as freezers, refrigerators, incubators, storage containers, controlled transport and other application with critical temperature requirements. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  remote monitoring system for clinical temperature controlled equipment. programmable wired or wireless remote or onsite monitoring system capable of multimodal transactions regarding temperature and humidity within all aspects of a laboratory environment in order to protect and validate analyzer, reagent, blood product and specimen integrity. "
"indicating and recording instruments.  blood utilization management system. specialized system including software utilized for tracking blood component therapy distribution and utilization. "
"transducers. . "
"transducers. piezo electric crystals. "
"transducers. fiber sensors. "
"transducers. audio transducers. "
"transducers. temperature transmitters. "
"transducers. humidity transmitters. "
"transducers. electro pneumatic transducers. "
"transducers. loadcells. "
"transducers.  current transducer. a device that converts the input signal of current into an output signal of another form.. "
"transducers.  pressure transducer. a transducer which is designed to detect pressure and produce an electrical signal based on the detected pressure. "
"transducers.  displacement transducer. a transducer that physically moves in response to a change in condition. displacement transducers are often used for precision measurement of small distances where traditional contact methods of measurement are not feasible. "
"transducers.  electric power transducer. a device that converts one form of electrical energy into another form of electrical energy.. "
"transducers.  mechanical energy transducer. equipment that is designed to convert into the same type or different type of signal or volume for responding to the signal or volume thereof.. "
"transducers.  thermo hygro transmitter. a device that sends the current or voltage signal to the indicator or recorder by sensing or measuring the temperature and humidity.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. . "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. calorimeters. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. heat tracing equipment. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. melting point recorders. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. pyrometers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. temperature regulators. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. thermocouples. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. thermographs. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. thermostats. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. remote reading thermometers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. resistance thermometers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. surface thermometers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. handheld thermometer. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. cryogenic temperature controllers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. humidifier temperature controllers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. thermowells. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. thermoheads. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. thermocouple probes. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. laboratory freezer or refrigerator thermometers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. laboratory incubator thermometers. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  temperature gauge. a measurement device used to indicate the temperature of an item being monitored.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  compound gauge. a visual indicator of pressure that is set for zero psi at atmospheric pressure and includes a dial which will continue to indicate the level of pressure above or below atmospheric pressure.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  infrared thermometer. a device used to remotely measure temperature in situations where it is not possible to be in physical contact with the object being measured.this includes objects that are very hot, very small or very far away.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  resistance temperature detector rtd. a wire wound and thin film device that measures temperature using the physical principle of the positive temperature coefficient of electrical resistance of metals. the hotter they become, the larger or higher the value of their electrical resistance.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. low temperature thermocouple sensor. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments. high temperature thermocouple sensor. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  combustion efficiency analyzer. an instrument that is designed to measure the efficiency of an object that generates the light and heat by absorbing the surrounding oxygen. this is an instrument that measure the efficiency trough comparison with the calorie generated from the actual combustion process and the calorie generated from the complete combustion.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  heat meter. a meter for heating bills inspection that measures the heat consumption for each household as it is installed in common housing for central heating and local heating.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  pyrometer calibrator. a type of device that corrects the error of the optical pyrometer and calibrates for accurate measurement. optical pyrometer is the device to measure the temperature by comparing the brightness of high temperature object and brightness of standard lamp.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  oil cloud and pour point tester. a tester that measures the changes in condition following the temperature decline of crude petroleum and gasoline products.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  freezing point measuring instrument. an instrument that is used to measure the freezing point and estimate the molecular weight of the substance.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  melting point measuring instrument. an instrument that is used to measures the melting point, namely, the temperature that a substance changes its phase from the solid state to the liquid state.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  heat flowmeter. a type of device that measures the heat movement volume by conduction, current or radiation by using the heat sensor.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  specific heat measuring instrument. an instrument that measures the specific heat as the required calorie that is required for unit weight of certain object to increase 1 degree c.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  asphalt softening point tester. a tester that measures the softening point of the asphalt with the ring and ball method.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  dewpoint thermometer. an instrument that is to measure the dew point temperature at the atmosphere. it is the thermometer that measures the temperature when there is any dew or frost by gradual cooling down of the metal surface.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  dropping point tester. a tester that is designed to measure appropriate temperature as the lowest temperature that begins to drop in liquid phase for a part thereof when the semi-solid substances (grease, wax and others) are heated.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  glass thermometer. a thermometer that uses the alcohol thermometer and the mercury thermometer, and measures maximum and minimum temperature.. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  blood unit temperature verification strip. irreversible strips for monitoring blood unit temperature integrity. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  laboratory oven thermometer. thermometer used for critical temperature monitoring in laboratory ovens. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  laboratory waterbath thermometer. thermometer used for critical temperature monitoring in laboratory water baths. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  laboratory heat block thermometer. thermometer used for critical temperature monitoring in laboratory heat blocks. "
"temperature and heat measuring instruments.  calibration reference thermometer. a calibrated reference thermometer, certified by the national institute of standards and technology, nist, that maintains metrologic traceability, and that is utilized to calibrate or verify that any other thermometer will measure within that specific temperature range in which the thermometer is designed to operate. "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments. . "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments. hygrometers. "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments. psychrometers. "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments. temperature humidity testers. "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments. moisture meters. "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments.  humidity controller. a device which controls the humidity of the areas, such as laboratory and others.. "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments.  humidity calibrator. a type of device that is designed to test the capability of the device that measures humidity and the normal operation thereof.. "
"humidity and moisture measuring instruments.  cement water retentivity tester. a tester that is designed to measure the degree how much moisture can contain. for hydraulic cement, this is the tester that measures the moisture possession rate (%).. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. . "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. depth gauges. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. manostats. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. pressure indicators. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. pressure regulator. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. pressure or vacuum recorders. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. vacuum gauges. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. liquid level controls or instruments. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. pressure intensifiers. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. pressure scanners. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. pressure transmitters. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments. pressure controllers. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  pressure gauge. an instrument used to measure pressure.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  differentialpressure gauge. a measurement instrument designed to measure the difference between two pressure sources.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  pressure calibrator. a type of device that is designed to test the capability of device that measures pressure and the normal operation thereof.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  warburg apparatus. an apparatus that is designed to measure the breathing volume or pressure of cell as the process of obtaining the energy by oxidizing the organic substance from the bodily tissue and cell as warburg developed.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  bursting pressure tester. a tester that is designed to measure and test the destruction pressure within the permitted range of container that takes certain pressure, such as liquefied petroleum gas (lpg) container, glass bottle for carbonated drink and others.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  vapor pressure measuring instrument. an instrument that is designed to measure the vapor pressure of gasoline volatile crude oil, volatile and non-viscous fuel oil or liquefied petroleum gas.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  capillary pressure tester. a tester that measures the capillary tube pressure of air and water, water and oil, or 3 or more fluids. this equipment is equipped with the mercury pump, and it measures the pressure from the time mercury smears into the sample and the pressure when no more smearing can be made in graph.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  cigarette filter draw resistance meter. a meter that measures the air suction resistance of the finished and semi-finished filter products and measures the air suction resistance of cigarette. it measures the pressure difference when the air flow speed is set for 17.5ml/s.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  pressure drop gauge. equipment that is used when the pressure is lowered to make the pressure condition fit to the experiment.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  fruit hardness tester. a tester that is designed to measure the resistance on the pressure of the fruit skin for quality management or confirmation on the level of ageing on fruit.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  hydraulic pressure tester. a device that tests the durability by applying the water pressure when confirming the condition of instrument, such as water pipe, tank, boiler, high pressure gas container and others with the applied pressure.. "
"pressure measuring and control instruments.  pressure altimeter. a meter which measures the altitude by using the pressure difference of atmosphere.. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. . "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. flowmeters. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. rheometers. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. rotameters. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. water meters. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. water meter spares. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. venturis. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. gas gauges. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. air velocity and temperature monitors. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. sight flow indicators. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. sight flow windows. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. flow computers or totalizers. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. orifice plate. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. oil gauges. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments. flow transmitters. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments.  optical flowmeter and accessories. apparatus for measuring the flow rate of gas, and other flowing materials with the help of an optical laser base probe.. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments.  pump efficiency testing equipment. equipment that inspects the pump efficiency. it uses the thermal dynamics method and flux to measure.. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments.  pitot gauge. measuring equipment which is designed to measure the discharge water volume in the fire extinguishing facilities, such as indoor and outdoor fire hydrants and others.. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments.  fire pump flow meter. a flow meter which is installed to confirm the amount of rated flux by undertaking the operation and capability tests for rated load of fire extinguishing pump at the time of installing the pump and regular inspection.. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments.  calibration column. the calibration column is designed specifically for use in determining flow rates of chemical metering pumps pump flow rate verification on periodic basis or after maintenance is important to system accuracy.. "
"liquid and gas flow measuring and observing instruments.  water meter tester. tester which meaures the volume of water supply coming out of faucets or pipes and checks whether or not the water meter works properly. "
"hygiene monitoring and testing equipment. . "
"hygiene monitoring and testing equipment. manual swab test kits. "
"hygiene monitoring and testing equipment. automated swab test kits. "
"laboratory seed and feed testing equipment. . "
"laboratory seed and feed testing equipment. grain analyzers. "
"laboratory seed and feed testing equipment. seed counters. "
"laboratory seed and feed testing equipment. feed analyzers. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments. . "
"transportation related equipment and instruments. speedometers. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments. tachometers. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments. tachometer disks. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments.  rail abrasion measuring equipment. equipment that is designed to measure the abrasion condition of the rail installed in order to improve the convenience and secure the safety as a part of management inspection for running rail.. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments.  rail downthrow measuring instrument. an instrument that measures the maximum downthrow volume of the running rail with the dynamic load conveyed from the train when it passes the train.. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments.  rail joint gap measuring instrument. a type of device that is designed to measure the rail temperature and the gap of joint parts at the time of having the interval to the joint of rail. it occurs when the running rail is expanded and contracted in length direction in accordance with the temperature changes. it may deform 2-way direction or 1-way direction depending on each case.. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments.  rail sleeper holding force measuring instrument. an instrument that is designed to measure the external force acting on the upper part of the railroad ties when the train passes by. the running rail is installed on the upper part of the railroad tie and is joined with the spike, bolt, nut and others for its fixation.. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments.  electric rail car tester. equipment that is used for the maintenance and repairing on the electric rail car. this is exclusive tester for electric rail car that confirms and inspects the motion condition and capability of various parts.. "
"transportation related equipment and instruments.  taximeter tester. a tester that verifies the running distance of the taxi meters installed in the business or individual taxi.. "
"navigational equipment and instruments. . "
"navigational equipment and instruments. direction finding compasses. "
"navigational equipment and instruments. radio navigation instruments. "
"navigational equipment and instruments. sextants. "
"navigational equipment and instruments. complex controlling devices. "
"navigational equipment and instruments.  infrared beacon. a mark that is designed for navigation aid by using the infrared ray.. "
"navigational equipment and instruments.  radio beacon. a device that launches the electric wave necessary for measuring the directions for ship or aircraft in navigation and any aircraft or ship may receive the electric wave to measure the direction on the point.. "
"navigational equipment and instruments.  radio buoy. a buoy of wireless transmitter that launches the electric wave to inform the location which is also referred to as the buoy type radiotelegraph.. "
"navigational equipment and instruments.  echo sounder. instrument for acoustic detection. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. . "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. digital analyzer controllers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. chemiluminescence or bioluminescence analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. electrogravimetry analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. flame ionization analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. ion analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. radiometry analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. random access analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. cintigraphic analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. thermal differential analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. thermo gravimetry analyzers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. gel partition equipment. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. hydrometers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. monochromators. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. nephelometers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. osmometers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. polarographs. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. radiochromatographic scanner. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. saccharometers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. volumeters. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. ph test strips or papers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. chemical test strips or papers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. microplates. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies. microplate readers. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  alcoholometer. it is a special type of hydrometer which is used for determining the alcoholic strength of liquids. \u00a0it has a special scale marked by volume percents of an alcohol in water.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  osmometer accessories. a device for measuring osmotic pressure. accessories include products such as sample tubes, stirring wires, sample tips.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  colony counter. an instrument used to count colonies of bacteria or other microorganisms growing on an agar plate.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  elemental analyzer. a type of device that analyzes the ingredient elements that structure the organic compounds.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  milk analyzer. a type of device that specifically analyzes the fat, protein, milk sugar, fat-free dry matter and others in the milk. this device generally uses the wavelength of the infrared ray to sense the light from the special wavelength territory for the quantitative analysis of the ingredient.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  dietary fiber determination system. a type of device that analyzes the quantity with the dietary fiber ingredients contained in the food and others.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  alcohol hydrometer. a meter that is designed to measure the alcoholic strength. it is the instrument that measures the tralle scale and proof that measure the contents compared to the alcohol volume.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  oil film tester. a tester that tests the degree of oil film formulation for machine lubrication oil and grease types, the change of grease thickness following the temperature change and others.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  adhesion tester. a tester that experiments the degree of an object to adhere.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  oil foaming characteristics tester. a tester that is designed to measure the volume of bubble generation that is produced by the influence of the surface tension at the time of entering into the lubrication oil for air.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  color fastness tester. color fastness means resistance of color on the dyeing substances based on the action influenced during the use or processing of dye thereof. this is a tester that is designed to test the color fastness.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  combustion analyzer. equipment that analyzes the combustion phenomenon of the substance in comprehensive term.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  arsenic detector. arsenic is the critically toxic compound for human body even for a small volume and it is the gray white-colored element is heated to sublime to generate compound with very strong chemical. this is a type of device that detects arsenic.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  oxidation reduction tester. a tester that measures the ratio of oxidation-reduction of soluble substances within the solution.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  chalking tester. a tester that measures the chalking phenomenon that drops the pigment or paint powder when the dried surface is rubbed after painting or printing.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  rust prevention tester. a tester that tests the rust preventive capability of lubricant oil that is applied on the metal surface in the event of mixing the water or salt water on the lubricant.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  demulsibility tester. a tester that measures the demulsibility, a property to separate into the individual substance for emulsion.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  fuel gum tester. a tester that measures the contents of existing rubber substance in gasoline for vehicles or fuel for aircraft.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  flame experiment wire. a material that is used in the reaction experiment of the oxidizing flame.. "
"chemical evaluation instruments and supplies.  sludge densitometer. a type of device that measures the sludge, such as solid substance or floating substance contained in the liquid of water source or waste water from the plant.. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. . "
"gas analyzers and monitors. automotive exhaust emission analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. catalytic combustion analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. chemical absorption gas analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. explosimeters. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. hydrocarbons analyzers or detectors. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. infra red or ultra violet absorption analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. nitrogen gas analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. nitrogen oxide analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. orsat equipment. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. oxygen gas analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. ozone analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. paramagnetic susceptibility analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. sulfur dioxide analyzers or detectors. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. thermal conductivity analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. radon detectors. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. gas detector tubes. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. single gas monitors. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. multi gas monitors. "
"gas analyzers and monitors. dissolved carbon dioxide analyzers. "
"gas analyzers and monitors.  carbon monoxide analyzer. an instrument used to measure carbon monoxide(co) in gas.. "
"gas analyzers and monitors.  vehicle vapor gas analyzing system. a type of device that is used to measure the evaporated gas of vehicle and it enables the hot soak test, retention test, background test and others.. "
"gas analyzers and monitors.  olfactometer. a type of experiment device for laboratory that seeks the applicable dilute magnification by diluting until no more sense of odor.. "
"gas analyzers and monitors.  smoke tester. a tester that measures the volume of smoke generated from the process of experimenting the chemical reaction in a laboratory.. "
"gas analyzers and monitors.  respirometer. a type of device that is designed to measure the discharge gases, such as carbon gas, that are released to outside of body for certain time, periodically or consecutively through the chemical change of substance within the body and building up the oxygen volume supplied from outside to sustain the plant or animal life.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. . "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. acid or base analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. albuminometers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. bauxite analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. calcium analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. chloride analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. electrolyte analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. enzyme analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. fatty acid analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. halide detector lamp. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. lactate analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. mineral oil testing instruments. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. oil content monitors analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. organic carbon analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. petroleum testing equipment. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. uranium analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. water analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. lubricating oil testing kit. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. paint tester. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. nitrogen or nitrate or nitrite analyzer. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers. sugar analyzers. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  paint concealment force tester. a tester that is designed to measure or test the hiding power of resin or paint. the hiding power is generally the capability to conceal the top coating paint or pigment, print ink, or resin applied just prior to the application.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  washability tester. a tester that is designed to test the washability and abrasion of dried film of enamel paint, ready-mixed paint and emulsion paint.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  paint grain measuring instrument. an instrument that is designed to measure the particle size and dispensability of various paints, such as paint, print ink and others.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  film applicator. a type of device that is used for sample preparation to test the film capability of paint.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  mercury analyzer. an analyzer that measures the ingredient of mercury included in tap water, sea water, flood, urine, heavy oil, soil, food, exhaust gas or atmosphere.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  suspended solids ss tester. a tester that is designed to measure the solid substance found in several liquids and semi-liquid substances.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  sludge thickness measuring instrument. a measuring instrument that precisely measures by using the method of infrared ray and others for the thickness of sludge generated from the sedimentation tank of the water supply and sewer as well as the condensation tank.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  freezing and thawing tester. a type of tester that tests the resistance on freezing and thawing of liquid phase or mortar.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  liquid ration analyzer. a type of device that is designed to measure the liquid ratio of each ingredient for mixed liquid after mixing two or more of liquids of mutually different character and condition.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  zeta potential analyzer. a type of device that is designed to measure the zeta potential, an electric feature of the surface of colloid particle floating in the liquid.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  paint coating test equipment. test equipment that tests the formation of the film membrane by dipping the specimen in the paint liquid solution when coating on the paints and taking it out after certain period of time.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  dissolved compounds multiple component analyzer. an analyzer that promptly analyzes several ingredients melted in the solution simultaneously.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  steam emulsion number tester. a tester that is designed to measure the emulsification on the oil vapor.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  dispersion or grain size tester. a tester that evaluates and tests the dispersion, cohesion, and safety of disperse system like colloid.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  biochemical oxygen demand bod meter. a meter that measures the oxygen volume that is required for the aerobic bacteria to secrete the organic substance within certain time.. "
"liquid and solid and elemental analyzers.  chemical oxygen demand cod meter. a meter that measure the pollution in the water by using the chemical products heavy chrome acid potassium, potassium permanganate. when the organic matter, pollutant substance in water, is oxidized chemically, the organic matter is disintegrated in carbon gas and water to consume the oxygen, and the oxygen volume consumed is the value for chemical oxygen demand.. "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. . "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. alpha counters. "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. alpha beta counters. "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. beta counters. "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. beta gamma counters. "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. gamma counters. "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. kvp meters. "
"nuclear evaluation instruments. x ray microanalyzers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. . "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. ammeters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. phasemeters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. laboratory bridges. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. capacitance meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. thermoanalysis derivatographs. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. freeze watch indicators. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. heat stress monitors. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. coincidence or anticoincidence counters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. cross talk meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. earth resistance testers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. electrical value recorders. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. electromagnetic field meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. electrometers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. electronic loads. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. field strength measuring equipment. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. gain measuring instruments. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. galvanometers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. high voltage cable detection. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. impedance meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. calibrated inductance coils or boxes. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. insulation resistance meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. insulation testers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. ionization chambers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. ionmeters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. line earth loop testers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. megohmmeters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. microwave leakage meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. multimeters. hand held multimeter that senses readings by clamping on or around wiring.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. ohmmeters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. oscillographs. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. potentiometers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. q meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. calibrated resistance measuring equipment. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. level generators. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. voltage or current meters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. oscilloscopes. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. accelerometers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. wattmeters. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. gfi circuit testers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. circuit tester. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. demand meters or registers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. circuit tracers. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. earth leakage devices. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. temperature calibrator or simulator. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. frequency calibrator or simulator. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. psophometer. an instrument that provides a visual indication of the audible effects of disturbing voltages of various frequencies. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. functional tester. an instrument designed and built to test parts and systems by emulating the operating envelope and requiring the test part to function as it would when used in the field.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. ring out board. a test board to confirm mechanical connections and other elements of vehicle wiring harnesses.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. wire assembly board. a mechanical testing template used to assure that cable lengths, connectors, fasteners, etc. are in the correct location and functioning properly.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. in circuit tester ict. an instrument used to check values of electrical components prior to final assembly allowing repair while electrical content is reduced.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. current loop meter. device to test the amount of electrical energy flowing through an electrical line.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. generator test set. equipment that is designed to test the capability or function of power generator that generates electric energy.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. servo system tester. equipment that tests the capability of the servo system and its auxiliary parts of auto control system with the mechanical location and angle for controlled volume.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. circuit breaker tester. equipment that tests if the circuit breaker is appropriately functioned to switch the electric circuit under the abnormal condition for short-circuit breakdown and others.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. switch durability tester. a tester that is designed to test durability following the switch motion of various switches or plugs and receptacles.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. var meter. a meter that is designed to measure the reactive voltage and current characteristics for electric circuit desired to measure.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. oscillator tester. a tester that is designed to test the capability and characteristics of oscillator used to generate the voltage or current with the arbitrary frequency.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. voltage regulator tester. a tester that tests if the set output voltage is maintained or if the amplitude of the output voltage on the load change of input is appropriate.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. cavity resonator. a type of device that displays the electromagnetic wave or electric oscillation in general.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. transformer tester. a tester that is to analyze the rated voltage, rated current, function or characteristic of the transformer used in electric and electronic circuit.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. phase sequence indicator. a tester that determines the phase sequence of generated voltage when the 3-phase generator is rotating to the regular rotation direction.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. contact resistance tester. a tester that measures the contact resistance generated when contacting with mutually different conductors.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. arrester tester. a tester that is designed to test for any malfunctioning of the lightning arrester.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. watt hour meter test equipment. test equipment that is designed to test the operation condition of the watt-hour meter that integrates the total volume of power used.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. capacitor tester. a tester that tests the electrostatic capacity, duration, discharge characteristic and others to find out the abnormality of the condenser. it has the different measurement range in accordance with the condenser capacity.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. line voltage detector. a type of device that is installed and used in the high voltage equipment or high voltage conductor.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. resister test equipment. test equipment that is used for testing the characteristics of temperature, voltage and current of resistance.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. current divider. a shunt resistor that uses the meter in parallel to flow certain ratio of the measured current to measure the current in excess to the maximum scale figure of ammeter.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. relay tester. a tester that tests if the operation time or holding figure of relay that is controlled electrically is correctly operated to meet the standard.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. panel and switchboard meter. an electric instruction meter that is attached to the distribution board, cabinet panel, operation panel and others.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. blasting machine tester. a tester that measures on how many shots can be made by using the blasting machine.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. frequency control test equipment. a type of device that tests the equipment that controls the frequency to be available for any narrow range from the power plant.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. low voltage tester. a tester that is designed to test the capability of large device under the alternating current of 600v or less and, the direct current of 750v or less.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. withstand voltage tester. a tester that is made to permit the variable voltage for measuring if the electric and electronic devices and the components thereof could endure without losing its functions.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. clamp tester. a portable tester that is to measure the voltage, current, frequency, temperature, resistance and others of the line without peeling off the insulation material or cutting off the electric wire or circuit.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. current transformer and potential transformer test equipment. test equipment that tests the potential transformer and current transformer. it tests the highest voltage, insulation level, rated current, rated voltage, rated frequency and others.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. power factor meter. a meter that is designed to measure the ratio of actual electric power and the apparent power in the electric circuit.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. combi tester. a tester that may comprehensively measure for voltage, current, frequency, wave form and others by consisting of power supplier, digital multi-meter, function generator, frequency counter and others.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. electric power tester. a tester that indicates if the electric power has stable strength and frequency for the electric power generation, conversion and transmission and distribution system.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. lamp tester. a tester that tests a number of characteristics on life cycle of fluorescent lamp, incandescent lamp, light-emitting diode lamp and others or power efficiency, brightness, temperature change and others.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. voltage and current meter calibrator. a type of device that is designed to measure and calibrate the error in the voltameter that may measure the voltage and current simultaneously.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. static electricity measuring equipment. equipment that is designed to measure the presence of electric volume or its volume not moved that is shown on the friction object.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. pulse meter. a meter that is indicated to display the period occurring with the drastic changes in voltage for the scale as operated by the current flowing in connection with the circuit.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. brake testing machine. a tester that measures the signal for brake and other condition to determine for any problems. it is the tester that determines if the functions of running prevention, idle rotation prevention and others operate normally.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. converter testing equipment. equipment that is designed to test the capability and characteristics of converter that is used for electric, electronic and communication circuit.. "
"electrical measuring and testing equipment and accessories. electrically powered equipment and related accessories that perform measuring and testing functions. controller testing equipment. equipment that is designed to test the capability and characteristic on several types of controller used for electric, electronic and communication.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. . "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. cathode ray tube tester. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. comparators. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. directional coupler. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. integrated circuit testers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. logic state testers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. semiconductor testers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. transistor circuit testers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. power meters. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. modulation meters. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. level meter. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. network analyzers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. tape testers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. tapespeed testers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. differentiator. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. integrated services digital network isdn testers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. fiber optic fault locators. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. fiber optic test sources. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments. protocol analyzers. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  optical loss tester. a combined power meter with 6 wavelength laser source, for optical fiber network installation and maintenance. with the large capacity of data storage, usb interface and pc software, its very convenient for field and laboratory testing.auto wavelength recognition,automatically data storage.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  traffic intensity testing equipment. measuring equipment that is used to find out the status of transmission of data when sent from the communication device.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  video signal measuring instrument. the television scans the image to transmit the electric signal following the image. that electric signal is referred as the video signal. this is an instrument that is designed to measure the condition of synchronized pulse or the level of that signal.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  electromagnetic interference emi tester. a tester that tests whether the electric energy generated by radiation, conduction, radio frequency interference and others from electricity, electronic, and information devices through the public air and connected circuit and line would not provide adverse effect of electric energy to the human body and whether it would meet the standard value permitted not to generate the interference, such as erroneous motion, functional decline, damage and others of other devices.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  radio equipment tester. a tester that tests the electric facilities that sends or receives radiotelegraphy, wireless phone and other electric wave.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  telephone test set. test equipment that determines the presence of malfunctioning by testing the transmission and receiving function, bell, call sensitivity and others of the telephone as the communication terminal.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  optical power meter. a meter that is designed to measure the presence of the line or more in optical line work and maintenance and repairing work. it is the optical communication meter that measures the optical output coming from the optical fiber by using the light receiving sensor.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  heat resistance tester. a tester that tests how well would the electric and electronic products endure under high temperature.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  distortion meter. a meter that read the degree of distortion of the signal. the series resonance bridge or wien bridge is generally used to remove the fundamental wave, and the remaining harmonics and noise ingredient are compared and measured with the fundamental wave and this would measure the degree of noise.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  electromagnetic shield environmental chamber. an electromagnetic shielded room that is designed to test the appropriateness on electromagnetic interference of electric, electronic, and information device.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  amplifier output meter. a meter that is designed to measure the output of the low frequency amplifier. it is designed to change the input impedance or output level broadly. the instruction uses the rectifier type voltmeter with the scale of decibel or vu (volume unit) meter inscribed, and when using it, it is important to take the matching of impedance between the measured amplifier and the output meter.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  television tester. a tester that tests reception function image, blanking condition, number of scanning line, and voice reception condition to determine any problem for the television.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  crystal tester. a tester that is designed to measure and test the crystal factor of resonance frequency, impedance and others if the frequency control function is appropriate at the designated frequency for crystal resonator used in frequency control in wireless transmitter and others.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  amplifier tester. a tester that is manufactured for the inspection of the function or capability of amplifiers in several types that are used in electric, electronic and communication circuit.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  antenna tester. a tester that is manufactured for the inspection of capability and characteristic of the antenna that is used for receiving the wireless communication or broadcasting.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  frequency deviation meter. a meter that measures the maximum value of difference of instantaneous frequency of modulated wave and carrier frequency --non-modulation frequency-- in the communication.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  microwave equipment tester. a tester that is designed for experiment as composed with microwave transmitter and receiver and other auxiliary part. this is a device composed to undertake reflected, ordinary wave experiment and others.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  electronic and communication refractometer. a meter that is designed to measure the ratio with the phase velocity of wave in free space and the phase velocity of wave in the given medium space.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  noise meter. a meter that is designed to measure the noise level of the circuit. since the circuit for weight addition for appropriate frequency and other required functions are added, this device may mark what noise may cause how much interference thereof.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  communication line overhaul tester. a tester that is designed to read automatically the abnormality of communication line for prompt inspection by simply determining the insulation condition between insulated conductor and insulated conductor and between insulated conductor and earth on the line of national boundaries and subscriber. following the insulation resistance value of line, it is possible to determine with the visual discretion by the light-emitting diode lamp and hearing discretion by the warning sound, also, it undertakes the test. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  electromagnetic susceptibility tester. a type of device that is designed to test the susceptibility on the external electromagnetic wave of electric, electronic and information device not to be interferes for erroneous motion, function decline, damage and others with respect to the electromagnetic wave having the electric and magnetic energy, such as static electricity, voltage, frequency and others that may be received from the outside for electric, electronic and information device.. "
"electronic and communication measuring and testing instruments.  voice data video cable tester. device to test and verify wiring integrity and assure proper terminations for different types of networks.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. . "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. geological compasses. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. geological prospecting apparatus. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. electromagnetic geophysical instruments. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. gravity geophysical instruments. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. induced polarization ip geophysical instruments. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. magnetometer geophysical instruments. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. resistivity geophysical instruments. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments. gravimeters. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  ground penetrating radar. a type of device that uses the electromagnetic wave, such as light, sound wave, radio electric wave and others as one of the geophysical prospecting method.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  hydrothermal testing equipment. equipment that experiments how it is changed for rock or mineral of certain kind when the environment is set differently to the conditions of temperature and pressure at the time the rocks or minerals are generated.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  solid bearing tester. in order to determine the bearing capacity, the loading plate is installed above the foundation base and applies the weight to measure the settlement on each weight to find the load and subsidence curve. this is a tester that is designed to measure the permitted yield strength of the foundation from the yield strength obtained from the loading test by the loading plate.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  ground friction tester. a test that handles the friction, abrasion and lubrication of two sides that make contact and move around relatively.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  standard aggregate. an aggregate sample that is defined for several properties to compare and test the capability and properties of aggregates.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil plastic limit tester. a tester that measures the plastic limit of soil.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil shrinkage limit tester. a tester that measures the contraction limit of soil. the shrinkage limit of soil has its volume not reduced even if the water content of soil is reduced to certain volume or below, and if the water content is increased this device indicates the increase of volume which is shown in function ratio of limit.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  consolidation tester. a tester that is used for the consolidation test that seeks the compression volume and compression speed when piling load, permitting the drainage toward the axis direction and restricting the soil surface.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil liquid limit tester. a tester that is used to measure the liquid limit of soil.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  plate bearing tester. a soil testing device that measures the soil settlement following the compression load in order to find out the bearing capacity of soil from road, run way and others.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil analyzer. a type of device that is designed to measure the chemical ingredient of lime, magnesium, potassium, fluorine, phosphorus and others contained in soil in ppm unit.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  aggregate specific gravity tester. a tester that measures the specific gravity and absorption rate of thick aggregates. it is used for the analysis test of un-solidified concrete washing and it is structured of prevision specific gravity scale, steel wire for specific gravity measurement and water tank.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil penetration tester. a tester that is used for soil survey that measures the hardness of earth for finding out the road or cross section of the ground in engineering works.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  california bearing ratio tester. a soil tester that is used to determine the california bearing ratio of the subgrade soil by the penetration method in order to determine the bearing capacity of subgrade or roadbed.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  specimen expansion tester. a tester that is designed to measure the expansion height following the time lapse for 96 hours as it is dipped in water with the defined load on the earth specimen produced with the pounding on mold.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil head permeability tester. a tester that is needed for designing and constructing for dam body and drainage hole by knowing the uplift pressure on the structure installed underneath water, inundation area of base ground or dam body of earth dam, river bank, reclaimed dike.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil aggregate analyzer. a type of device that is designed to measure the aggregation as the physical property of soil.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil texture analyzer. equipment that is designed to measure accurately the soil texture for the users.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  soil unconfined compression apparatus. a type of device that is used to determine the compression strength and sensitivity of soil.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  sand density cone apparatus. a tester that measures the unit weight of earth with the maximum particle radius of 5cm or less under the sand replacement method at the site.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  underwater soil picking equipment. equipment that is designed to collect the sample to analyze the soil of seabed. the lower part of the collector is made in sharp tube to catch the sample as the lower part of the collector speared deep into the seabed from its weight, and independent heavyweight is sometimes attached to enlarge the weight.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  aggregate unit weight measuring instrument. an instrument that is desired to measure the weight per 1 for the dried aggregates.. "
"geophysical and geotechnical instruments.  facing sand water measuring instrument. an instrument that is to measure the volume of the surface water attached on the aggregate surface by using the chemical reaction of carbide powder and water in the closed container.. "
"soil measuring equipment. . "
"soil measuring equipment. bore measuring instruments. "
"soil measuring equipment. dissolution or disintegration testers. "
"soil measuring equipment. particle size measuring apparatus. "
"soil measuring equipment. penetrometers. "
"soil measuring equipment. permeability testing apparatus. "
"soil measuring equipment. permeability or porosity estimation apparatus. "
"soil measuring equipment. porosimeters. "
"soil measuring equipment. sand testing apparatus. "
"soil measuring equipment. soil core sampling apparatus. "
"soil measuring equipment. soil testing kits. "
"rock and strata measuring equipment. . "
"rock and strata measuring equipment. clinometers. "
"seismological instruments. . "
"seismological instruments. earthquake simulators. "
"seismological instruments. seismic alarm modules. "
"seismological instruments. seismic amplifiers. "
"seismological instruments. portable seismic apparatus. "
"seismological instruments. seismic recorders or seismographs. "
"seismological instruments. seismometers. "
"seismological instruments. vibrometers. "
"land surveying instruments. . "
"land surveying instruments. measuring tapes. "
"land surveying instruments. measuring rods. "
"land surveying instruments. measuring tables. "
"land surveying instruments. theodolites. "
"land surveying instruments. location stake. "
"land surveying instruments. location hub. "
"land surveying instruments. total station. "
"land surveying instruments. longimetry instrument. "
"land surveying instruments.  tachymeter or tacheometer. an instrument used to measure distances and, at the same time, horizontal and vertical angles.. "
"land surveying instruments.  optical level. an optical instrument designed to ascertain the height difference or equality between two points.. "
"land surveying instruments.  altimeter. a meter that measures the height above sea level. it is the device used to measure the present height at certain position or the height of the height of certain object or point on the ground.. "
"land surveying instruments.  mirror stereoscope. a type of optical instrument that reads the actual body as photo, map and object are expanded for better view.. "
"land surveying instruments.  coordinate comparator. a type of device that is designed to measure the plane coordinates on the photo. it is the equipment that is the basis of interpretive photographic surveying e.g., aerotriangulation, application photographic surveying, cadastration, digital photogrammetry and others.. "
"land surveying instruments.  survey template. a thin plate that is used for surveying. it is used to move the principal point and each direction line by securing on the photo.. "
"land surveying instruments.  dendrometer. a meter that is designed to measure the height of building structure, tree or others.. "
"land surveying instruments.  alidade. a type of device that is designed to test the direction of the sideline during the flat-table surveying. it is the device to fill in on the drawing paper by setting forth the line of collimation direction that is sometimes used to measure the height difference or distance of two points.. "
"land surveying instruments.  lead line. a type of device that is used for surveying. it is the line with the scale and it is generally made for steel chain, hemp yarn, cotton yarn, glass fiber and others, and it hangs the weight made by iron or lead at the end of the line.. "
"land surveying instruments.  planimeter. a type of device that is designed to measure the width of surrounded part with irregular curves on the plane.. "
"land surveying instruments.  plumbing arm. an apparatus that brings the measuring point of the ground and the measuring point of the flat table to be on the same vertical line by using at the time of surveying.. "
"land surveying instruments.  transit. a surveying instrument that is used for measuring the horizontal and vertical angles for two points. this device has the center of two same axles.. "
"land surveying instruments.  optical square. a type of device that can be used to determine the basic line in surveying or used in the precise semiconductor equipment by using the interference difference of prism arranged inside.. "
"hydrological instruments. . "
"hydrological instruments. open stream current meters. "
"hydrological instruments. logging instruments for water wells. "
"hydrological instruments. open stream water level recorders. "
"meteorological instruments. . "
"meteorological instruments. anemometers. "
"meteorological instruments. barometers. "
"meteorological instruments. precipitation or evaporation recorders. "
"meteorological instruments. radiosonde apparatus. "
"meteorological instruments. rainfall recorders. "
"meteorological instruments. precipitation or evaporation surface observing apparatus. "
"meteorological instruments. solar radiation surface observing apparatus. "
"meteorological instruments. temperature or humidity surface observing apparatus. "
"meteorological instruments. wind surface observing apparatus. "
"meteorological instruments. weather stations. "
"meteorological instruments. meteorology instrument accessories. "
"meteorological instruments.  radio acoustic sounding system. equipment that observes the meteorology on the upper layer. by applying the technology that combined the electromagnetic wave and sound wave technology, this meteorological instrument measures the vertical distribution of temperature, humidity, wind velocity, wind direction and others in the upper atmosphere.. "
"meteorological instruments.  ceilometer. a meter that is designed to measure and record the height of the cloud floor. there are optical method and electric wave method, and it is consisted of three parts; light, electric wave launcher and, receiver and recorder. the part combined with the receiver and recorder is referred to as the detector.. "
"meteorological instruments.  meteorological satellite receiving equipment. a system that outputs the meteorological chart through monitor and printer for the editing function through the computer by automatically receiving the photo taken by the artificial satellite that is sent to observe the meteorological condition on earth. it is structured with the receiving equipment for meteorological satellite image and the data processing device.. "
"meteorological instruments.  lightning analysis system. a large scale spark discharge in air that occurs in nature is referred to as the lightning or thunder. this is equipment that is used to expect the storm and others by sensing the quantity of electric discharge and its location in the convective cloud.. "
"meteorological instruments.  weather chart recorder or scanner. a type of device that is used in prompt and accurate sending and receiving by the institutions requiring the weather chart (ships and aircrafts in navigation, research institutions, various observatories, press media, and meteorology related institutions in nearby countries) or central government agencies.. "
"meteorological instruments.  meteorological buoy robot. a type of device that has the function to forward the result of meteorology and marine observation on the sea to the land via wireless communication in real time.. "
"meteorological instruments.  meteorological satellite data receiving and analyzing system. a system that processes and analyzes the meteorological data by receiving the data sent by the satellite (climate satellite) that loads the meteorological instruments. it is structured with antenna, receiver, processor and analyzer (computer).. "
"meteorological instruments.  low level wind shear alert system. a type of device that warns in real time if the meteorological data detected by the turbulence arising from the layer near to the earth surface --planetary boundary layer-- exceeds the range of set value.. "
"meteorological instruments.  barometer calibrator. equipment that is used to determine the correction value of the scale inscribed on the barometer by changing to pressure in the chamber to 950hpa, 990hpa, 1010hpa and 1040hpa.. "
"meteorological instruments.  hygrometer calibrator. equipment that is used to determine the correction value of the scale inscribed on the hygrometer used for the measurement of humidity in atmosphere by adding the water into the chamber and heat it to change the humidity to 30 percent, 60 percent, and 90 percent.. "
"meteorological instruments.  rain gauge calibrator. equipment that is used to determine the accuracy of rain gauge by supplying the water from the drop speed ranged from 20mm per hour to 30mm per hour by using the burette or rotary pump.. "
"meteorological instruments.  automatic weather system calibrator. equipment that enables the capability inspection on each sensing element of the automatic weather system and check the data logger.. "
"meteorological instruments.  anenometer calibrator. equipment that is used to determine the correction value of the anemometer used to measure the wind velocity of meteorology factors.. "
"meteorological instruments.  actinometer calibrator. a standard pyrheliometer that is used to determine the correction value of the pyrheliometer. it simultaneously measures with the same environment condition of the subject pyrheliometer to determine the correction value from the difference of measurement value of both.. "
"meteorological instruments.  baroswitch. a facility that closes and opens the circuit by the change of air pressure. the circuit of measurement sensor other than the temperature, humidity, and air pressure of radiosonde is used to make automatic connection to the sequential transmitter in accordance with the reduction of the air pressure following the increase of the device.. "
"meteorological instruments.  wind vane. a meter that observes the direction of wind blowing. it is consisted of two wings in general that is designed to read the wind direction with the indicator for the wind direction, and it has the remote reader attached.. "
"mechanical instruments. . "
"mechanical instruments. dynamometers. "
"mechanical instruments. elastometers. "
"mechanical instruments. extensometers. "
"mechanical instruments. pitch measuring instruments. "
"mechanical instruments. roundness testing instruments. "
"mechanical instruments. spherometers. "
"mechanical instruments. spring testing machines. "
"mechanical instruments. surface testers. "
"mechanical instruments. tensiometers. "
"mechanical instruments. torque limiter. "
"mechanical instruments.  softness tester. a tester that is used for evaluating the resistance for bending, a mechanical property of soft material, like the magnetic tape, film plastic, textile, and paper products.. "
"mechanical instruments.  high speed rotational balance tester. a tester that measures the balance of the body of rotation in high speed. by rotating the body of rotation in high speed on the stand, the vertical shaft, it measures the location of the unbalance oscillation and the volume of oscillation as delivered to the bearing attached to the rotating shaft.. "
"mechanical instruments.  eccentricity measuring instrument. an instrument for tool measurement that is used to measure eccentricity of several tools, arbor, shaft and saw tooth, and used for the measurement of circular shapes.. "
"mechanical instruments.  twist vibration measuring instrument. twist vibration is the phenomenon that changes very finitely for rotation by the load change, resonance of shafting and others of the body of revolution (engine, motor, prime mover, pump, compressor, coupling, shaft, damper, ship propelling system and others). this is an instrument that measures twist vibration.. "
"mechanical instruments.  centrifugal force tester. a type of device that finds out the relationship with the radius in centrifugal force of object with the uniform circular motion and mass of object, period, and circular motion.. "
"mechanical instruments.  cutting force measuring instrument. an instrument that is designed to measure the size of cutting resistance under the base study for the tool geometry or cutting process. cutting force is the resistance force received by the tool when the workpiece is processed for cutting.. "
"mechanical instruments.  hydraulic bulge tester. a tester that tests the hydraulic formation of think plate. it is generally used in processing of narrow mouth impossible for mechanical press work or thin plate with thin thickness.. "
"mechanical instruments.  zipper endurance tester. a tester that is designed to test the endurance of the zipper used mainly in clothing, bag and leather products and others.. "
"mechanical instruments.  tug and trolley system. a precision experiment equipment that surveys the resistance, speed following the cargo volume, fuel consumption volume and others on floating substance, such as ship, submarine, petroleum prospecting ship and others. a model reduced of actual goods is manufactured for the purpose of education and research to design ship, submarine, petroleum prospecting ship and others to prove its characteristics and capability through repeated education and experiment in a way of forecasting the product characteristics a. "
"mechanical instruments.  drop tester. a tester that is designed to test the impact resistance of the packing material, impact resistance of contents in the package, appropriateness of packing material, strength comparison of packing box, impact resistance strength of actual goods by dropping packed cargo, packing box or small device from certain height.. "
"mechanical instruments.  air compressor tester. when the compressed air is discharged into the air at the entrance of the container, several works can be done by using the acting force and certain sized pressure is required in accordance with the purpose of use. it is a type of device that is designed to test whether the air compressor or compressed air would maintain certain pressure.. "
"mechanical instruments.  gear tester. an exclusive gear tester that measures several errors of gear.. "
"mechanical instruments.  test bar. a taper gauge that is the auxiliary tool to use in the static level test that surveys the parallelism and straightness of machine tool, measuring apparatus and others and shaking on the rotating shaft.. "
"mechanical instruments.  hydraulic tester. a tester which investigates the leakage or deformation by applying the hydraulic pressure to test the capability of pipe, tank and steam boiler.. "
"mechanical instruments.  oil filter tester. a tester that is designed to test the capability of the filter that filters the impure substance within the lubricant oil used in machine by using the particle counter.. "
"mechanical instruments.  air cleaner tester. a tester that is designed to test the normal operation of the air purifier, filtering capability, filter replacement period, air-ventilation resistance, clean-air efficiency, dust collection and others.. "
"mechanical instruments.  belt tester. a tester that is designed to test the characteristics of v belt that is used for delivering the vehicle power and general power.. "
"mechanical instruments.  planer motion mechanism measuring instrument. an instrument that is used for testing the ship with the compulsory motion in order to experimentally seek the hydrodynamic forces coefficients from the ship model towing tank.. "
"mechanical instruments.  tire running tester. a tester that tests the maneuverability and safety of the tires from the external forces.. "
"mechanical instruments.  bonding stress tester. a tester that is designed to measure and test the extreme force and strength.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. . "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. abrasion testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. compression testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. concrete or cement testing instruments. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. corrosion testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. crack or corrosion detectors. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. creep testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. ductility testing machines. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. fatigue testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. forging testing apparatus. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. foundry testing apparatus. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. hardness testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. impact testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. load frame. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. metal testing instruments. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. photoelastic testing instruments. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. proofstress indicators. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. relaxation testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. roughness measuring instruments. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. shear strength testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. shock testing apparatus. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. tension testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. torsion testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. flexure or transverse testing machines. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. vibration testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. wear testers. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments. welding testing apparatus. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  proving ring. a standard device used for the calibration test of tension and compression load of all-purpose material tester. it is designed to use for load inspection and ordinary management of the material tester.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  plasticity tester. a tester that measures the plasticity of uncombined raw material, combined raw material, and reproduced raw material of un-vulcanized rubber and rubber substance.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  heat distortion tester. a tester that tests the degree of deformation when applying the heat to determine the stability following the temperature change on plastic, electric wire and rubber product.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  thermal shock tester. a tester that is designed to measure the change of material from the thermal stress arising from quick heating or quick freezing.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  stress tester. equipment that tests the resistance arising from the object when it is applied with the external force (load) as the stress.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  tensile strength tester. a tester that applies the load until the specimen is pulled in certain speed to break down. this is to measure the tensile strength, most representative mechanical strength characteristic in various materials.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  thermal expansion tester. a tester that is designed to measure the expansion rate of the length generally following the temperature, namely, coefficient of linear expansion.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  erichsen tester. a tester that measures the erichsen value that displays the degree of plastic deformation that flattens the metal well.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  jewel appraising tester. a device that may appraise and discern by detecting the optical and physical characteristics in various precious stones.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  polymer molding condition measuring instrument. a type of device that is designed to test the change of pressure, volume and temperature influenced when the polymer is injected for molding.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  beam test apparatus. an apparatus that experiments bending, deformation, twisting, stress of beam and others in accordance with the shape, structure, support method and others of various beams.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  load tester. equipment that is designed to measure the load working on the structure. this is the load tester of flexural fracture for pressed cement roof tile or fiber reinforced cement boards.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  cement flow tester. equipment that is designed to measure the flow from the properties of cement or concrete.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  road plane measuring equipment. measurement equipment for road management that measures and records the flatness of paved road with asphalt and cement concrete.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  laboratory cement curing equipment. a device that cures the cement mortar.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  pinhole detector. a device that detects and warns the occurrence of defective pin hole on the insulation film and others coated to prevent the corrosion of the metal surface.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  cement soundness tester. a tester for the stability of cement that is mixed and used on the mortar, and this tester examines the expandability, cracks, twisting and others.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  concrete air measuring instrument. a testing instrument that measures the air volume contained in the concrete yet to be solidified.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  mortar length tester. a tester that measures the length change of the mortar following the volume of water to make the mortar with certain properties.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  vicat needle tester. an essential tester that is designed to test the normal consistency of hydraulic cement and the coagulation time of the hydraulic cement. it is the tester that measures the normal consistency or coagulation time by applying the pressure on the plunger with the needle with certain weight on the cement paste.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  slump tester. a tester that is used for concrete to measure the consistency of the concrete to make the appropriate concrete.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  concrete or cement vibration tester. a tester that measures the vibration of concrete used in road pavement or civil construction.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  mortar permeability tester. a tester that measures permeable volume and permeable ratio by applying the pressure with water on the mortar or cement for construction.. "
"metals and metallurgy and structural materials testing instruments.  concrete cylinder mold. a mold that is to form the cylinder specimen for testing the compression strength of the concrete.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments. . "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments. cardboard testing instruments. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments. textiles fastness testers. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments. leather testing instruments. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments. paper testing instruments. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments. textile testing instruments. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments. wood testing instruments. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile or paper strength tester. equipment that measures the strength from the properties of textile or paper.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  water vapor permeability tester. a tester that measures the volume of vapor or moisture penetrating paper, film, or textile product used for the moisture proof packing.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  yarn testing instrument. an instrument that measures the properties of weight, diameter, linear density and others per each unit length of the thread.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  thermal transmittance tester. a tester that measures the degree of maintaining the body temperature or heat transfer coefficient on the external air, namely, thermokeeping of the textile goods, such as textile for clothes, filling cotton, blanket, rug, leather and others.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile drape tester. a tester that is related to the textile that measures draping of textile.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile water repellency tester. a tester that tests the resistance on wetting of water for water-proofed textile, fiber and paper.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile crease recovery tester. a tester that measures the property to recover to the original condition for the wrinkle generated from using the textile.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile maturity tester. a type of device that measures the maturity condition for the cotton. it displays the degree of growth by the diaphragm on the cotton textile.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile or paper air permeability tester. equipment that measures or tests the air permeability from the properties of textile or paper.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile shrinkage tester. a tester that is used when measuring the washing shrinkage rate of cotton, bast fiber fabric and kind of cotton bast fiber blend fabrics.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile baking tester. a thermal processing tester that dries the sample or evaluates dimensional stability by solidifying the shape or affixing the dye mainly on the dye sample of woven fabric or knitted fabric.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  textile pilling degree tester. a tester that tests the phenomenon of peeling off the surface by the friction with the textile or knit.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  paper sheet testing machine. a type of paper manufacturing device for test that is purported to undertake the characteristic test of pulp.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  paper and cloth water absoption tester. a tester that measures the degree of paper or fiber to absorb water.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  fiber length tester. a tester that measures the length of fiber, the most important feature for various fibers.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  tearing strength tester. a tester that measures the strength of tearing by applying certain load on textile, paper, vinyl, leather and others.. "
"paper and wood and textile testing instruments.  bursting strength tester. a tester that measures the pressure when the specimen is broken with the pressure applied to the thin-plate shaped material, such as paper, fiber, vinyl film, medical leather and others.. "
"ceramics and glass testing instruments. . "
"ceramics and glass testing instruments. ceramics testing instruments. "
"ceramics and glass testing instruments. glass testing instruments. "
"ceramics and glass testing instruments. pottery testing instruments. "
"coal and ore testing instruments. . "
"coal and ore testing instruments. coal testing instruments. "
"coal and ore testing instruments.  goniometer. a type of device that measures the size of the facial angle of the mineral crystal. the angle of a very small object can be measured by attaching mineral crystal to the semi-circular protractor and using the fixed bar and the moving bar.. "
"radar and sonar systems and components. . "
"radar and sonar systems and components. radarbased surveillance systems. "
"radar and sonar systems and components. feed horns. "
"radar and sonar systems and components.  meteorology radar. a type of radar that is used in detecting the meteorology phenomenon. rain, snow, and cloud consisted of water drop or ice crystal reflects the electric wave that it may detect the collective bodies in typhoon, thunderstorm, front and others.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. . "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. light absorption meters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. anechoic chambers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. frequency analyzers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. frequency counters or timer or dividers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. electrical frequency meters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. interferometers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. lasers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. lightmeters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. luxmeters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. optical calibration sets. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. photometers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. bench refractometers or polarimeters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. handheld refractometers or polarimeters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. polarimeters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. polariscopes. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. reflectometers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. stroboscopes. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. colorimeters. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. tube or plate readers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. signal generators. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. infrared imagers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. laser beam analyzers. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  function generator. function generators are equipments which produce and provide various waveforms (sign wave, pyramidal wave, square wave, etc.) which satisfies given functional relations regarding time and voltage input.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment. ultraviolet sensor. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  thermal imager. device that detects radiation in the infrared range of the electromagnetic spectrum.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  optic collimator. a type of device that includes the light source or heat source and optical system. it is manufactured to assist the arrangement of the optical system of the infrared ray equipment.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  photoelectric measuring equipment. equipment that is designed to measure the strength of electric current generated from the photoelectric effect with the electrons released when the light is shed on a substance.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  wave form synthesizer. a type of device that adjusts the harmonics and frequency amplitude and generates various frequencies and phases to obtain the desired wave form.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  radiowave propagation measuring equipment. equipment that is designed to measure the electric wave state of dense call area or call flaw area in a way of measuring the strength of signal, degree of interference, re-use of channel, degree of call volume and noise and others.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  haze meter. a meter that measures the turbidity level when the light penetrates plastic film, plastic plate, glass plate and others.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  glossiness measuring instrument. an instrument that measures the glossiness of material by measuring the sleekness and reflection rate of the material surface.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  optical wavelength meter. a type of research and experiment meter that is designed to review the change in optical wavelength, temperature, and various reliabilities of various optical devices.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  photon measurement instrument. an instrument that is used to measure the number of photon, one of the elementary particles.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  whiteness tester. a type of device that measures the whiteness of paper and several pulverulent bodies, such as agricultural food like wheat powder, sugar, chemical product, or cement.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  vectorscope. a special synchro-scope that indicates the vector volume of impedance, voltage, current, and frequency modulation signal, the chromaticity signal of phase modulation signal television on the braun tube.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  laboratory ultraviolet ray lamp. a type of portable inspection device that is used in observation for the defect on the surface by shedding the ultraviolet rays with the built-in light source.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  wave measuring instrument. an instrument that measures the amplitude, frequency, degree of distortion, harmonics rate and others on the wave-form of single signal component from the complicated frequency system.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  illuminance meter. a meter that measures the brightness of the reflector surface of light or the light source with certain width.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  ellipsometer. equipment that analyzes the structure of the thin film by measuring the thin film thickness, refraction rate, extinction coefficient, and density with the change shown when reflecting the laser or polarized light on the sample.. "
"light and wave generating and measuring equipment.  photometer accessories. instrument and accessories used to measure the light intensity. "
"spectroscopic equipment. . "
"spectroscopic equipment. spectrofluorimeters or fluorimeters. "
"spectroscopic equipment. spectrographs. "
"spectroscopic equipment. spectrometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment. mass spectrometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment. proton spectrometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment. spectrophotometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment. atomic absorption aa spectrometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment. infrared spectrometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment. nuclear magnetic resonance nmr spectrometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment. inductively coupled plasma icp spectrometers. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  spectrobolometer. a type of device that is used to measure the reflection and penetration for each wavelength of plant. it is also used to measure the amount of radiation for each wavelength of indoor artificial lights.. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  flow cytometer. a device that makes the quality and quantity analysis on sell particle size, internal structure and others of sample by measuring the scattered light and fluorescence radiated by individual particle with the irradiation of excitation light on the thin current flowing down the particles, such as dyed cell with fluorescence and others.. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  radio ray spectroscopy system. equipment that analyzes the type and strength of isotope in the sample by measuring the unique released energy of the radiation isotope.. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  electron spectroscopy system for chemical analysis. equipment that is designed to analyze the characteristics of the sample surface by measuring the binding energy of the photoelectron discharged by the light.. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  electron spin resonance spectrometer. a meter that is used to clarify the micro-structure of distribution of impure substance within the sample, lattice defect or others by measuring the influence of the internal magnetic field by the neighboring electron or atomic nucleus spin when there is any electron not paired within the sample.. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  atomic absorption aa spectrometer accessories. accessories adding speed and a better sample identification to an autosampler. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  spectrophotometer accessories. accessories adding speed and a better sample identification to an autosampler. "
"spectroscopic equipment.  circular dichroism spectrometer. a device for analyzing the molecular structure of an optically active substance by applying the electromagnetic field to linearly polarized light to generate left-handed and right-handed circularly polarized light and using the difference in molar extinction coefficient generated when circularly polarized light is passed through the sample.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment. . "
"sound generating and measuring equipment. sonars. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment. sonometers. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment. sound measuring apparatus or decibel meter. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment. sound velocity analyzers. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment. acoustic testing rooms. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  noise generator. a type of device that generates certain noise for using on the level calibration of extremely short wavelength with noise factor and others or noise loading tester.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  voice analyzer. a type of device that analyses the wavelength, sound volume, frequency, wave form by measuring and recording the human voice. it may use computer for voice characteristic capture, analysis, edition, classification, reproduction and others and it is generally used for voice correction, analysis, research and investigation.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  sound detector. a sound detector with the stethoscope-shape that is contacted to an object to detect the abnormal sound.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  underground pipe and cable detector. a detector that checks the presence of underground reclaimed materials, such as communication cable underground, power cable, gas pipeline, water pipeline, underground pipeline and others.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  waterpipe leak detector. a type of device that is used to detect the water leakage by sensing the ejecting sound with sensor in order to survey the leakage in water pipe and others.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  hearing aid tester. a tester that inspects the capability of the tool that reinforces the hearing of the ear that has problem in hearing.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  pinger. equipment that finds out the speed of search vessel and water temperature. when there is an accident of drowning in deep lake, river or ocean, under the poor situation with terrible water view, the scanning sonar is used to find out the location of sunken ship, floor condition, vehicle or drowned person.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  acoustic generator. a type of equipment that generates the sound. it artificially controls the sound to use as the sound source to test the acoustic absorption, insulation of sound, residual time, penetration of sound, distribution of sound and the power of machine sound when testing the construction sound.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  sonobuoy. a buoy that has the sound detector and the wireless transmitter built-in. it is used to detect the location and confirm the location of submarine, noise under the sea, and situation of sound dispersion.. "
"sound generating and measuring equipment.  hydrophone. a sound electric converter that reacts to the underwater sound energy to convert the energy into the intrinsically consistent (same) electric energy and stimulate the electric form factor, this machine is specially manufactured to use in water.. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. . "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. karl fischer titration equipment. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. titration equipment. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. ph meters. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. ph electrodes. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. ion selective electrode ise meters. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. ion selective test strips. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. ion selective electrode. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. conductivity meters. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. conductivity cells. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. dissolved oxygen meters. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. dissolved oxygen probes. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. salinity meter. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories. ph transmitters. "
"electrochemical measuring instruments and accessories.  ph controller. a type of device that changes and appropriately adjusts the hydrogen ion concentration.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. . "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. chromatographic detectors. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. chromatographic scanners. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. gas chromatographs. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. ion chromatographs. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. liquid chromatographs. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. thinlayer chromatographs. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. high pressure liquid chromatograph chromatography. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. high pressure thin layer chromatograph tlc. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. high pressure liquid chromatography hplc columns. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  gas chromatography gc columns. a gas chromatography column is a packed or capillary column used for separation and analysis on a gas chromatograph.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. liquid chromatography lc columns. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. solid phase extraction spe columns. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. thin layer chromatography tanks. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. autosamplers. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. injectors. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. liquid chromatography fittings. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. gas chromatography fittings. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. injector septa. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. gas chromatography liners. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories. chromatography tubing. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  fast protein liquid chromatography fplc system. a type of column chromatography system used to separate or purify proteins from complex mixtures.it is very commonly used in biochemistry and enzymology.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  fast protein liquid chromatography fplc column. a device used in fast protein liquid chromatography fplc systems.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  supercritical fluid chromatograph. an analysis device that is designed for separation and determination of the compounds by using the supercritical fluid as mobile phase.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  chromatography vial or insert or cap. vial or insert or cap utilized for chromatographic bioanalytical autosampling and analysis. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  thin layer chromatography plate. a sheet of metal, glass or plastic, that is coated with a thin layer of solid silica or alumina absorbent, and is utilized for thin layer chromatographic separation of a mixtures components through capillary action. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  thin layer chromatography fitting. replacement part or fitting utilized on a thin layer chromatograph. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  chromatography blotting paper. a blotting paper composed of superclean cotton or cellulose that is utilized during the stationary phase of thin layer chromatography to ensure wicking capability and uniformity of capillary action. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  ion chromatography ic column. column for ion chromatograph that separates samples into their constituent components.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  ion chromatography ic guard column. replaceable media placed before an ic column which provides contamination protection.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  high pressure liquid chromatography hplc guard column. replaceable media placed before an hplc column which provides contamination protection.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  quechers dispersive spe. filtration kit for spe that facilitates extraction and clean-up of pesticide from complex matrices.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  liquid chromatograph lc fraction collector. device that supports liquid chromatography systems.. "
"chromatographic measuring instruments and accessories.  ion chromatography ic eluent generator. device that supports ion chromatography systems.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. . "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. amino acid analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. amino acid analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. blood bank analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. blood bank analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. blood gas analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. blood gas analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. chemistry analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. chemistry analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. coagulation analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. coagulation analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. deoxyribonucleic sequence analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. deoxyribonucleic sequence analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. toxicology analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. toxicology analyzers accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. hematology analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. hematology analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. histology analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. histology analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. immunology analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. immunology analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. microbiology analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. microbiology analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. protein analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. protein analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. radioisotopic analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. radioisotopic analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. urinalysis analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. urinalysis analyzer accessories or supplies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. meat or dairy product analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies. glucose analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  stacker or magazine for microplate handling. robotic device to handle sbs microplates.such robots may be liquid handlers which aspirate or dispense liquid samples from and to these plates, or plate movers which transport them between instruments.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  antibiotic detection equipment. equipment that tests the anti-biotic substances reside in dairy products, meats, and others as the chemical substance that is produced by the microbes.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  skin analyzer. equipment that examines the skin condition with the measurement of skin oil, moisture, elasticity, pores, pigment and others.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  flow cytometer accessories or supplies. replacement parts, accessories and supplies for flow cytometric analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  androgeny and fertility automated counter. analyzers for automated semen and sperm analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  androgeny and fertility automated counter accessories and supplies. replacement parts, accessories and supplies for automated semen and sperm analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  particle counter and sizer. automated analyzer for fluid pariticle enumeration and size distribution analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  particle counter and sizer accessories and supplies. replacement parts, accessories and supplies for automated fluid particle enumeration and size distribution analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  blood bank apheresis and donor unit processing analyzer. all analyzers utilized for blood component therapy collection, apheresis and processing. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  blood bank apheresis and donor unit processing analyzer accessories and supplies. replacement parts, tubing sets, accessories and supplies for automated blood component therapy collection and processing. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  automated blood culture system. automated system for incubating and processing blood cultures. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  automated blood culture system analyzer accessories or supplies. replacement parts, accessories and supplies for automated blood culture system. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  molecular diagnostics analyzer. automated system for qualitative and quantitative nucleic acid diagnostics. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  molecular diagnostics analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories for molecular diagnostics automated testing system. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  cell metabolism analyzer. automated system for measurement of metabolic pathways, predominately glycolysis and mitochondrial respiration in real time assays. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  cell metabolism analyzer accessories. replacment parts and accessories for automated cell metabolism analyzer systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  sweat chloride iontophoresis analyzer. automated system for collection and testing of sweat chloride by iontohporesis methodology for cystic fibrosis screening. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  sweat chloride iontophoresis analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized for iontophoretic sweat chloride collection and automated testing systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  electrolyte analyzer. automated system utilized for sodium, potassium, chloride, carbon dioxide and lithium quantitation. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  pipettor delivery calibration and verification analyzer. automated system for the calibration and volume delivery verification of manual and electronic pipettors. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  pipettor delivery calibration and verification analyzer accessories. replacement parts, accessories and supplies for pipettor calibration and delivery verification analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  flow cytometry analyzer. automated system for laser based cell counting and sorting, biomarker monitoring and other biophysical applications by suspension in fluid and passage through a detection system. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  automated high performance chromatography hplc analyzer system. automated systems utlizing high performance chromatography hplc methodology for biochemical quantitation. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  automated high performance chromatography hplc analyzer system accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized for high performance chromatography hplc automated testing systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  transplant diagnostics analyzer. automated systems utilized for immunoserology and hla typing specific to transplant diagnostics platforms. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  transplant diagnostics analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized for automated transplant diagnostics platform testing systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  flame photometer analyzer. automated system for the quantitation of sodium, potassium, chloride and lithium in serum, plasma or aqueous solutions, utilizing spectral ray measurement following sample vaporization by an extremely hot flame. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  flame photometer analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilitzed for automated flame photometric analyzer systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  gas liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry analyzer. automated system combining gas or liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry for sample constituent identifcation in diverse applications. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  genomic analysis analyzer. automated systems for qualitative and quantitative genomic analysis, gene expression, and polymerase chain reaction pcr amplification and detection. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  genomic analysis analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized on genomic analysis analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  nucleic acid extraction, isolation and purification analyzer. automated sample preparation systems for nucleic acid extraction, isolation and purification, resulting in purified products to be utilized in diverse nucleic acid detection systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  nucleic acid extraction isolation and purification analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized on nucleic acid extraction, isolation and purification analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  multiplex analyzer. automated systems for simultaneous qualitative and quantitative multiplex microarry analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  multiplex analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized on multiplex analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  biomagnetic separation analyzer. automated system which applies a magnetic force on particles within a solution in order to separate molecules, specific proteins, cells or nucleic acids within in vitro and in vivo scenarios. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  biomagnetic separation analyzer accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized on magnetic bioseparation analyzers. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  automated quality control manager system. analyzer system and software designed to manage laboratory assay quality control data, providing a mechanism to automate, centralize, standardize and implement qc processes necessary for accreditation and cost management.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  immunohematology analyzer. analyzer to automate all routine immunohematology testing procedures including blood grouping, reverse grouping, phenotyping, cross matching, antibody screening, antibody identification, direct ahg tests, and single antigen screens.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzers and accessories and supplies.  immunohematology analyzer accessories or supplies. accessories or supplies of analyzers for automating all routine immunohematology testing procedures including blood grouping, reverse grouping, phenotyping, cross matching, antibody screening, antibody identification, direct ahg tests, and single antigen screens. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. . "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. amino acid analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. blood bank analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. blood gas analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. chemistry analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. coagulation analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. deoxyribonucleic acid dna sequence analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. toxicology analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. hematology analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. histology analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. immunology analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. microbiology analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. protein analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. radioisotopic analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. urinalysis analyzer reagents. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents. flow cytometry analyzers reagents or antibodies. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  electrolyte analyzer reagent. reagents for use with the electrolyte analyzer for testing electrolytes such as na, k, cl.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  androgeny and fertility automated counter reagent. all reagents utilized for automated semen and sperm analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  particle sizer and counter analyzer reagent. all reagents utilized for automated fluid particle enumeration and size distribution analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  hormone analyzer reagent. positive identification system of samples and reagents for hormones whether their origin is natural and or synthetic. example: triiodothyronine hormone t3 total for 200 determinations.. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  virology analyzer reagent. reagents or kits utilized for automated virology testing. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  automated blood culture system analyzer reagent. reagent or media enrichment and supplement utilized for automated blood culture system. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  pipettor delivery calibration and verification analyzer reagent. reagent or kit utilized for automated pipettor calibration and volumetric delivery verification. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  automated high performance chromatography hplc analyzer system reagent or kit. reagent or kit utilized for biochemical quantitation by automated high performance chromatography hplc analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  transplant analyzer reagent or kit. reagent or kit utilized for immunoserology and hla typing specific to automated transplant diagnostics platforms. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  flame photometer analyzer reagent or kit. reagent or kit utilized for the quantitation of sodium, potassium, chloride and lithium in serum, plasma or aqueous solutions by automated flame photometric analysis. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  gas liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry analyzer reagent. reagent or kit utilized for sample constituent identification in diverse applications by automated gas-liquid and/or mass spectrometry testing systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  nucleic acid extraction isolation and purification analyzer reagent and kit. reagent and kit utilized for nucleic acid extraction, isolation and purification on automated systems. "
"clinical and diagnostic analyzer reagents.  immunohematology analyzer reagent. reagents of analyzers to automate all routine immunohematology testing procedures including blood grouping, reverse grouping, phenotyping, cross matching, antibody screening, antibody identification, direct ahg tests, and single antigen screens. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. . "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. blood bank test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. blood bank reagents or solutions. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. blood bank quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. chemistry test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. chemistry reagents or solutions. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. chemistry test strips or test paper. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. chemistry quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. coagulation test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. coagulation reagents or solutions. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. coagulation quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. cytology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. cytology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. cytology reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. environmental test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. environmental reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. food test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. food test kits reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. hematology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. hematology reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. hematology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. histology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. histology reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. histology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. immunology or serology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. immunology or serology reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. immunology or serology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. microbiology or bacteriology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. microbiology or bacteriology reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. microbiology or bacteriology identification or sensitivity disks or panels. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. microbiology or bacteriology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. molecular biology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. molecular biology reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. molecular biology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. urinalysis test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. urinalysis reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. urinalysis test strips. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. urinalysis quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. parasitology or mycology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. parasitology or mycology reagents or solutions or stains. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. parasitology or mycology media. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. parasitology or mycology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. virology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. virology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. toxicology test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. toxicology quality controls or calibrators or standards. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. flow cytometry test kits or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  limulus amebocyte lysate lal tester. a tester that obtains an aqueous extract of blood cells (amebocytes) from the horseshoe crab, limulus polyphemus.. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  androgeny and fertility test kits and supplies. all test kits and supplies for manual semen and sperm analysis. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  androgeny and fertility quality controls and calibrators and standards. all quality controls utilized in manual semen and sperm analysis. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  flow cytometry quality controls and calibrators and standards. all quality controls, calibrator beads, and standards utilized in flow cytometric analysis. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  immunohistochemistry quality controls and calibrators and standards. all quality control preserved tissue slides utilized specifically on ihc autostainers. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  particle counter and sizer quality controls and calibrators and standards. all quality controls and calibrators and standards utilized in automated particle enumeration and size distribution counters. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  molecular biology and cell culture growth media. all growth media for cell and tissue culture utilized to facilitate molecular biological evaluations. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  virology reagents or solutions or stains. all reagents, solutions or stains utilized for cell virology detection and identification procedures. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  virology cell and tissue culture media. all growth media for cell and tissue culure utilized in virology detection and identification procedure. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  enzyme linked immunosorbent assay elisa kit. a test kit that uses antibodies and color change to identify a substance. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  transplant diagnostics test kit. test kit utilized for manual methodologies in immunoserology and hla testing specific to transplant diagnostics platforms. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  transplant diagnostics reagent or solution. reagent, solution or stain utilized for manual methodologies in immunoserology and hla typing specific to transplant diagnostics platforms. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  primary and secondary antibodies for multiple methodology immunostaining detection application. primary and secondary antibodies that are are available for universal detection by multiple methodologies including but not limited to fluorescent microscopy, western blot, immunopreciptiation, chromatin immunoprecipitation, flow cytometry, immunohistochemistry, immunocytochemistry, and electron microscopy. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  androgeny and fertility reagent or solution or stain. reagent or solution or stain utilized for manual androgeny and fertility assessment procedures. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  pipettor delivery manual calibration and verification test kit. reagent or kit utilized for manual pipettor calibration and volumetric delivery verification. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  test kit or probe for laboratory proficiency assessment or laboratory performance improvement tracking. test kits for laboratory personnel provider performed proficiency assessment and laboratory performance improvement tracking probes in multidepartmental platforms. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  manual blood culture system. subculture devices utilized for manual processing of blood and body fluid cultures inoculated into blood culture bottles. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  ph meter and conductivity meter calibrant and standard. quality controls and calibrator and standard utilized on ph meters and conductivity meters for electrochemical testing. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  radio labeled chemical for radiometric detection. radioactive nuclide, chemical or cocktail utilized for radiometric detection in research applications. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards. fecal test kit or supplies. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  semen analysis test kit. test kit used for fertility analysis.. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  immunohematology quality control or calibrator or standard. quality controls or calibrators or standards for immunohematology testing procedures including blood grouping, reverse grouping, phenotyping, cross matching, antibody screening, antibody identification, direct ahg tests, and single antigen screens.. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  immunohematology reagent or solution. immunohematology reagent or solution for abo/rh, antibody screening/identification and antigen typing. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  cardiac marker quality controls or calibrators or standards. quality control reagents used in hospital laboratory cardiac marker testing.. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  cardiac marker test kits or supplies. cardiac marker test kits used in hospital laboratory cardiac marker testing.. "
"manual test kits and quality controls and calibrators and standards.  cardiac marker reagents or solutions. reagents used in hospital laboratory cardiac marker testing.. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment. . "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment. glucose monitors or meters. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment. cholesterol monitors or meters. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment. monitor or meter accessories. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment. rapid test kits. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment. diagnostic beverages for laboratory testing. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  hemoglobin or hematocrit monitor or meter. point of care rapid test meter for the measurement of hemoglobin or hematocrit in whole blood. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  blood chemistry multiparameter monitor or meter. point of care rapid test meter for the measurement of single or multiple parameter chemistry analytes in whole blood.. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  blood coagulation multiparameter monitor or meter. point of care rapid test meter for the measurement of single or multiple parameter hemostasis analytes in whole blood. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  metabolic disorder breathalyzer monitor or meter. point of care rapid test meter for the measurement of single or multiple parameters in the detection of metabolic disorders from breath specimens. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  ethanol breathalyzer. point of care rapid test meter for the emergent measurement of ethanol levels from breath specimens. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  monitor or meter quality controls calibrators or standards. all controls, calibrators and standards utilized in maintaining accurate linearity of point of care test meters. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  glycosolated hemoglobin hba1c test meter. monitor or meter for point of care glycosolated hemoglobin hba1c analysis. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  glycosolated hemoglobin hba1c test meter accessories. replacement parts and accessories for glycosolated hemoglobin hba1c test meters. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  glucose test monitor or meter accessories. replacement parts and accessories for glucose test meters or monitors. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  blood lead test monitor or meter. monitors or meters ultized for point of care whole blood lead analysis. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  blood lead test monitor or meter accessories. replacment parts and accessories for whole blood lead test meters. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  cardiac marker panel test monitor or meter. monitor or meter utilized for point of care whole blood cardiac markers analysis. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  cardiac marker panel test monitor or meter accessories. replacment parts and accessories utilized for point of care whole blood cardiac marker test monitor or meter. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  lipid profile or at risk liver enzyme test monitor or meter. monitor or meter utilized for point of care whole blood lipid profile and \"at risk\" liver enzymes analysis. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  lipid profile or at risk liver enzyme test monitor or meter accessories. replacement parts and accessories utilized for point of care whole blood lipid profile and \"at risk\" liver enzymes analysis. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  blood bilirubin test monitor or meter. monitor or meter utilized for point of care whole blood bilirubin quantitation. "
"patient point of care testing supplies and equipment.  blood bilirubin test monitor or meter accessories. replacement parts and accessories for point of care whole blood bilirubin test monitor or meter. "
"laboratory flash point testers. . "
"laboratory flash point testers. flash point testers. "
"laboratory flash point testers.  incombustibility tester. a type of device that tests the temperature not to catch the fire to prevent the fire risk from textile product, electric wire, plastic, construction interior material, vehicle interior material and others.. "
"laboratory flash point testers.  flammability tester. flammability indicates the degree of resistance to the flame for certain material. it is stringently regulated for clothes, interior materials, construction materials and others, and there are several types of tester in accordance with the product use and test method.. "
"laboratory flash point testers.  fire point tester. a tester that measures the igniting temperature that means the combustibles would be required to reach certain temperature from the outside heat to make itself burning.. "
"acceleration and vibration measuring instruments. . "
"acceleration and vibration measuring instruments. impact hammers. "
"instrument parts and accessories. . "
"instrument parts and accessories. meter dials or dial kits. "
"instrument parts and accessories.  electrical clip. a clip that is designed to promptly and temporarily connect the electric signal.. "
