"diagnostic devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with diagnostic laboratory procedures.. . "
"diagnostic devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with diagnostic laboratory procedures.. antimicrobial susceptibility test disc. in this classification an antimicrobial susceptibility test disc is a device that consists of antimicrobic-impregnated paper discs used to measure by a disc-agar diffusion technique or a disc-broth elution technique the in vitro susceptibility of most clinically important bacterial pathogens to antimicrobial agents. in the disc-agar diffusion technique, bacterial susceptibility is ascertained by directly measuring the magnitude of a zone of bacterial inhibition around the disc on an agar surface. the disc-broth elution technique is associated with an automated rapid susceptibility test system and employs a fluid medium in which susceptibility is ascertained by photometrically measuring changes in bacterial growth resulting when antimicrobial material is eluted from the disc into the fluid medium. test results are used to determine the antimicrobial agent of choice in the treatment of bacterial diseases us fda regulates antimicrobial susceptibility test disc under 21 cfr 866.1620 and under fda product code jtn.. "
"diagnostic devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with diagnostic laboratory procedures.. antimicrobial susceptibility test powder. in this classification an antimicrobial susceptibility test powder is a device that consists of an antimicrobial drug powder packaged in vials in specified amounts and intended for use in clinical laboratories for determining in vitro susceptibility of bacterial pathogens to these therapeutic agents. test results are used to determine the antimicrobial agent of choice in the treatment of bacterial diseases us fda regulates antimicrobial susceptibility test powder under 21 cfr 866.1640 and under fda product code mja.. "
"diagnostic devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with diagnostic laboratory procedures.. fully automated short-term incubation cycle antimicrobial susceptibility system. in this classification a fully automated short-term incubation cycle antimicrobial susceptibility system is a device that incorporates concentrations of antimicrobial agents into a system for the purpose of determining in vitro susceptibility of bacterial pathogens isolated from clinical specimens. test results obtained from short-term (less than 16 hours) incubation are used to determine the antimicrobial agent of choice to treat bacterial diseases us fda regulates fully automated short-term incubation cycle antimicrobial susceptibility system under 21 cfr 866.1645 and under fda product code lon.. "
"diagnostic devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with diagnostic laboratory procedures.. culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests. in this classification a culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests is a device intended for medical purposes that consists of any medium capable of supporting the growth of many of the bacterial pathogens that are subject to antimicrobial susceptibility tests. the medium should be free of components known to be antagonistic to the common agents for which susceptibility tests are performed in the treatment of disease us fda regulates culture medium for antimicrobial susceptibility tests under 21 cfr 866.1700 and under fda product code lka.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. . "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. coagulase plasma. in this classification, a coagulase plasma connotes a device used to create staphylothrombin, which enables the enzyme protease to convert fibrinogen, a\u00a0plasma\u00a0protein produced by the liver, to fibrin. this results in clotting of the blood. us fda regulates coagulase plasma under 21 cfr 866.2160 and under fda product code jtl.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. automated colony counter. in this classification, a automated colony counter connotes a device used for\u00a0the automated counting\u00a0colonies\u00a0of\u00a0bacteria\u00a0growing\u00a0in\u00a0a\u00a0culture us fda regulates automated colony counter under 21 cfr 866.2170 and under fda product code kzb.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. manual colony counter. in this classification, a manual colony counter connotes a device used for\u00a0the manual counting\u00a0colonies\u00a0of\u00a0bacteria\u00a0growing\u00a0in\u00a0a\u00a0culture. us fda regulates manual colony counter under 21 cfr 866.2180 and under fda product code kzc.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. multipurpose culture medium. in this classification, a multipurpose culture medium connotes a device that consists primarily of liquid or solid biological materials intended for medical purposes for the cultivation and identification of several types of pathogenic microorganisms without the need of additional nutritional supplements us fda regulates multipurpose culture medium under 21 cfr 866.2300 and under fda product code jsb.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. differential culture medium. in this classification, a differential culture medium connotes a device used that consists primarily of liquid or solid biological materials intended for medical purposes for the cultivation and identification of particular organisms.\u00a0 us fda regulates differential culture medium under 21 cfr 866.2320 and under fda product code jsh.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. enriched culture medium. in this classification, a enriched culture medium connotes a device used that consists primarily of specific and known qualities that favors the growth of a particular microorganism. us fda regulates enriched culture medium under 21 cfr 866.2330 and under fda product code kzi.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. microbiological assay culture medium. in this classification, a microbiological assay culture medium connotes a device that consists primarily of liquid or solid biological materials intended for medical purposes to cultivate selected test\u00a0microorganisms\u00a0in order to measure by microbiological procedures the concentration in a patients serum of certain substances, such as amino acids, antimicrobial agents, and vitamins us fda regulates microbiological assay culture medium under 21 cfr 866.2350 and under fda product code jsa.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. selective culture medium. in this classification, a selective culture medium connotes a device using selective media\u00a0allow certain types of organisms to grow, and inhibit the\u00a0growth\u00a0of other organisms. us fda regulates selective culture medium under 21 cfr 866.2360 and under fda product code jsi.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. transport culture medium. in this classification, a transport culture medium connotes a device used to provide temporary storage of specimens being transported to the laboratory for cultivation, maintain the viability of all organisms in the specimen without altering their concentration, contain only buffers and salt, lack of carbon, nitrogen, and organic growth factors so as to prevent microbial multiplication us fda regulates transport culture medium under 21 cfr 866.2390 and under fda product code jsm.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. culture medium for pathogenicneisseria spp.. in this classification, a culture medium for pathogenicneisseria spp. connotes a device used for culturing and primarily isolating\u00a0pathogenic neisseria\u00a0bacteria, including\u00a0neisseria\u00a0gonorrhoeae and\u00a0neisseria meningitidis us fda regulates culture medium for pathogenicneisseria spp. under 21 cfr 866.2410 and under fda product code jty.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. oxidase screening test for gonorrhea. in this classification, a oxidase screening test for gonorrhea connotes an in vitro device that consists of the articles intended to identify by chemical reaction, cytochrome oxidase, an oxidizing enzyme that is associated with certain bacteria including\u00a0neisseria gonorrhoeae. because it is unlikely that cytochrome oxidase-positive organisms other than neisseria gonorrhoeae are present in the urethral discharge of males, the identification of cytochrome oxidase with this device indicates presumptive infection of the patient with the causative agent of gonorrhea. us fda regulates oxidase screening test for gonorrhea under 21 cfr 866.2420 and under fda product code lga.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. automated medium dispensing and stacking device. in this classification, a automated medium dispensing and stacking device connotes a device used \u00a0for medical purposes to dispense a microbiological culture medium into petri dishes and then mechanically stack the petri dishes. us fda regulates automated medium dispensing and stacking device under 21 cfr 866.2440 and under fda product code jtb.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. supplement for culture media. in this classification, a supplement for culture media connotes a device used for \u00a0customizing the growth conditions of your cells, improving cell viability and growth, and keeping cells healthier longer. us fda regulates supplement for culture media under 21 cfr 866.2450 and under fda product code jsk.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. quality control kit for culture media. in this classification, a quality control kit for culture media connotes a device that consists of paper discs (or other suitable materials), each impregnated with a specified, freeze-dried, viable microorganism, intended for medical purposes to determine if a given culture medium is able to support the growth of that microorganism us fda regulates quality control kit for culture media under 21 cfr 866.2480 and under fda product code jtr.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. microtiter diluting and dispensing device. in this classification, a microtiter diluting and dispensing device connotes a mechanical device intended for medical purposes to dispense or serially dilute very small quantities of biological or chemical reagents for use in various diagnostic procedures us fda regulates microtiter diluting and dispensing device under 21 cfr 866.2500 and under fda product code jtc.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. microbiological incubator. in this classification, a microbiological incubator connotes a device used to grow and maintain\u00a0microbiological cultures\u00a0or\u00a0cell cultures. the incubator maintains optimal\u00a0temperature,\u00a0humidity\u00a0and other conditions such as the\u00a0carbon dioxide\u00a0(co2) and\u00a0oxygen\u00a0content of the atmosphere inside us fda regulates microbiological incubator under 21 cfr 866.2540 and under fda product code jtq.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. microbial growth monitor. in this classification, a microbial growth monitor connotes a device used for medical purposes that measures the concentration of bacteria suspended in a liquid medium by measuring changes in light scattering properties, optical density, electrical impedance, or by making direct bacterial counts. the device aids in the diagnosis of disease caused by pathogenic\u00a0microorganisms us fda regulates microbial growth monitor under 21 cfr 866.2560 and under fda product code jta.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. gas-generating device. in this classification, a gas-generating device connotes a device used intended for medical purposes that produces predetermined amounts of selected gases to be used in a closed chamber in order to establish suitable atmospheric conditions for cultivation of microorganisms with special atmospheric requirements. the device aids in the diagnosis of disease us fda regulates gas-generating device under 21 cfr 866.2580 and under fda product code kzj.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. woods fluorescent lamp. in this classification, a woods fluorescent lamp connotes a small handheld device that uses black light to illuminate areas of your skin. the light is held over an area of skin in a darkened room. the presence of certain bacteria or fungi, or changes in the pigmentation of your skin will cause the affected area of your skin to change color under the light us fda regulates woods fluorescent lamp under 21 cfr 866.2600 and under fda product code gmb.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. microorganism differentiation and identification device. in this classification, a microorganism differentiation and identification device connotes a device used intended for medical purposes that consists of one or more components, such as differential culture media, biochemical reagents, and paper discs or paper strips impregnated with test reagents, that are usually contained in individual compartments and used to differentiate and identify selected\u00a0microorganisms. the device aids in the diagnosis of disease us fda regulates microorganism differentiation and identification device under 21 cfr 866.2660 and under fda product code jto.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. automated zone reader. in this classification, a automated zone reader connotes a mechanical device intended for medical purposes to measure zone diameters of microbial growth inhibition (or exhibition), such as those observed on the surface of certain culture media used in disc-agar diffusion antimicrobial susceptibility tests. the device aids in decision-making respecting the treatment of disease us fda regulates automated zone reader under 21 cfr 866.2850 and under fda product code kzk.. "
"microbiology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with microbiological laboratory procedures.. microbiological specimen collection and transport device. in this classification, a microbiological specimen collection and transport device connotes a device used as a specimen collecting chamber intended for medical purposes to preserve the viability or integrity of microorganisms in specimens during storage of specimens after their collection and during their transport from the collecting area to the laboratory. us fda regulates microbiological specimen collection and transport device under 21 cfr 866.2900 and under fda product code lio.. "
