"golf equipment. . "
"golf equipment. golf bags. "
"golf equipment. golf balls. "
"golf equipment. golf clubs. "
"golf equipment. golf tees. "
"golf equipment. golf club head covers. "
"golf equipment. golf gloves. "
"golf equipment. divot fixers. "
"golf equipment. golfscopes. "
"golf equipment. golf putting partner. "
"golf equipment.  golf ball dispenser. an apparatus supplying golf balls on the tee or practice mat for golf swing practice.. "
"bowling equipment and supplies and accessories. . "
"bowling equipment and supplies and accessories. bowling equipment. "
"bowling equipment and supplies and accessories. bowling supplies. "
"bowling equipment and supplies and accessories. bowling accessories. "
"physical education classroom equipment. . "
"physical education classroom equipment. parachute equipment. "
"physical education classroom equipment. hula hoops or hoop equipment. "
"physical education classroom equipment. orienteering equipment. "
"physical education classroom equipment. team identification materials or markers. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  lanyard. a cord or strap worn around the neck, shoulder, or waist to carry or attach to an object.. "
"physical education classroom equipment. physical education equipment storage. "
"physical education classroom equipment. physical education assessment tools. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  obesity measurement tool. a type of device that determines the obesity by measuring the thickness of the hypodermic fat of abdomen, waist and others by using the device that looks like the forceps.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  body measurement tool. a type of tool that is designed to measure the length or weight of each part of body.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  radar speed gun. a device that measures the speed of an object by using the doppler effect and this is the speed meter that measures the change of frequency of reflected wave by sending the ultrasound and others to a moving object.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  ergometer. a machine that measures several forces that a human moves the muscle. the most representative is the device with the shape of a bicycle.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  trunk flexion measurement device. a type of device that is made to move the outline onto the paper or different record device as expresses the prominence and depression parts desired to measure of the trunk with its image.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  jump meter. a type of device that is designed to test the instantaneous jumping capability, in other words, the explosive muscular strength by the momentary contraction of leg muscle by jumping high in vertical direction.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  fatigue measurement instrument. fatigue is the phenomenon that declines the bodily function with insufficient nerve-system and chemical control by the severe mental or physical activities. it is the device to measure the degree of such fatigue.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  whole body reaction measurement system. equipment that measures the whole body reaction through the stimulation of light or sound to take the jumping motion.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  running analyzer. equipment that uses to measure and analyze the running capability.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  muscular strength measurement instrument. a type of device that is designed to find out the muscular strength by measuring the leg force and brachial muscular strength. it measures the estimated maximum muscular strength with the average power by the speed training and it is possible to measure the muscular endurance force to fit to the age of each gender for tested person.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  medicine ball. a ball for physical strength that is used in throwing that is implemented to measure the explosive muscular strength that may quickly assert the muscular endurance in moment of time.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  motion analysis system. equipment that is made up by a series of system that may analyze the motion type, abnormal part, inaccurate part, repetition and others by consecutively filming the movement of human in camera or analyzing the record(data) in computer through tracing down the coordinate that uses the sensor.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  grip dynamometer. equipment that is to measure the isometric muscle power. it is designed to measure the palm power or grasping power of both right and left hands.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  back leg chest dynamometer. a meter that measures the pulling power of the back, legs and chest. it is used by reading the figure shown by pulling it hard with straightening of the back from the crouching position by holding the handle at the end of the chain and stepping on the foothold of gauge board.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  hand muscle evaluation kit. a device that examines the muscle power of hands and fingers. three tools of grasping power, finger strength and angle of finger joint are structured for a set.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  measuring instrument for human body. a type of device that measures the bodily shape of human for each part thereof. it is structured with the anthropometer, tactometer, calipers, ruler and others to measure the length and thickness of each part of head, waist, chest, ears, face, hands, feet, and other parts.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  posture evaluation kit. a type of device that is in simple chart-type of tool that compares and measure the waist curvature, waist twist, bending direction and others in standing position. it is consisted of the scale plate inscribed with lattice-shape on the plastic board and the scale plate to measure the twist in the waist.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  intelligence testing device. a device that measures the intelligence of child, mentally retarded child, or brain damaged person whether the intelligence is normal through several types of method. the type of the tester is determined depending on the age, disability condition and others of the tested person.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  body feature measuring equipment. a type of device that is made to move the outline onto the paper or different record device as expresses the prominence and depression parts desired to measure of the face or body with its image.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  finger tapping tester. a meter that measures the frequency of the finger up-down movement of certain distance and workers with trouble caused by vibration or workers with upper half of the body by the photo transistor.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  hand stability tester. a type of device that measures the hand trembling before/after exercising or at normal times by using the light or others.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  blood circulation analyzer. a type of device that measures the physical strength. it is the device that measures the volume of wastes in the blood by measuring the circulation of peripheral blood in fingers.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  side step tester. a type of device that measures the agility that promptly moves the body.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  sit up tester. a type of device that measures the muscular endurance--dynamic endurance-- of the abdomen. basic measurement method is to measure the frequency of sit-ups as many as possible for 30 seconds (or 60 seconds) on the sensor plate installed.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  balance tester. a type of device that measures the equilibrium as the body balance maintaining capability. it is structured with a set for the mat attached with the measurement sensor and the measurement terminal.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  heart lung endurance tester. a type of device that measures the heart and lung function by using the aero-bike and others. this is the device to measure the maximum oxygen consumption volume needed for the track long distance runners, such as marathon and others or measure the non-oxygen power capability to measure the momentary heart and lung function of bicycle, weight lifting and others.. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  skydive simulator. device which enables skydiving practice with air blowing upward. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  muscle recovery equipment. used to help break up adhesions and scar tissue, as well as to speed up the healing/recovery process after workouts. "
"physical education classroom equipment.  exercise mat. protects the user from hard floors. "
