"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. . "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. submerged arc welding machine. a submerged arc-welding machine creates a thick layer of flux completely covers the molten metal and prevents spatter and sparks. the flux also acts as a thermal insulator, allowing deep penetration of heat into the workpiece.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. ultrasonic welding machine. ultrasonic welding machinery joins the contacting surfaces of two pieces by subjecting them to a static normal force and oscillating shearing (tangential) stresses. it can be used with a wide variety of metallic and nonmetallic materials, including dissimilar metals and is extensively used for joining plastics.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. projection welding machine. one or more projections (dimples) are embossed, forged, or machined on one of the surfaces to be welded. the two pieces are then pressed together and weld nuggets are formed as the projections are compressed.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. plasma arc welding machine. plasma-arc welding machines use a concentrated stream of plasma, and ionized hot gas, composed of nearly equal numbers of electrons and ions. plasma-arc welds create deeper and narrower welds on a variety of metals.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. laser welding machine. laser beam welding utilizes a high-power laser beam as the source of heat to produce a fusion weld.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. spot welding machine. spot welding is the most common form of resistance welding. spot welding is usually used on sheet metal and in applications having some type of overlapping joint design. resistance spot welds are made from electrodes on both sides of the joint and no filler metal is used.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. tungsten inert gas welding machine. the tig process lets\u00a0one weld thinner material than other processes and it also provides excellent fusion. tig also produces the best looking weld beads, which are used when cosmetic appearances are important.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. metal inert gas welding machine. a mig welding machine creates an arc between the work piece and a continuously consumable electrode, the wire in these wire welding processes.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine. stick, the most basic of welding processes, offers the easiest option for joining steel and other metals. smaw or stick joins metals when an arc is struck between the electrode and the work piece, creating a weld pool and depositing a consumable metal electrode into the joint.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. welding rectifier. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. plastic welder. a welder designed to weld or seal pieces of thermoplastic together using any one of several techniques.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. thermite welder. a type of welding machine that uses thermite --5 parts iron oxide red powder and 3 parts aluminium powder by weight, ignited at high temperatures--to melt metal, which is poured between two workpieces to form a welded joint.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. electron beam welding ebw machine. a type of welding machine that uses an electron beam gun to produce electrons that strike the workpiece, at which point their energy is converted into heat, instantly vaporizing the metal under temperatures near 25,000 degrees c. the heat penetrates deeply, making it possible to weld much thicker workpieces than is possible with most other welding processes. however, because the electron beam is tightly focused, the total heat input is actually much lower than that of any arc welding process.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. electro slag welding esw machine. a type of welding machine employing a single pass welding process for thick --greater than 25mm up to about 300mm--materials in a vertical or close to vertical position. welding is made by melting the basic material and wire by the heat of the current flowing into the slag.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. cold pressure or contact welding machine. a type of welding machine in which joining takes place without fusion at the interface of the two parts to be welded. unlike in the fusion-welding processes, no liquid or molten phase is present in the joint. pressure is applied to the workpieces through dies or rolls thus producing adhesion.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. friction welding fw machine. a welding machine that employs a solid-state welding process that generates heat through mechanical friction between a moving workpiece and a stationary component. because no melt occurs, friction welding is not actually a welding process in the traditional sense, but a forging technique.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. braze welding machine. a type of welding machine that uses a bronze or brass filler rod coated with flux to join steel workpieces. it is virtually identical to the equipment used in brazing, except there is no capillary action.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. flash butt welding machine. a type of butt welding machine that runs a strong electrical current through the touching ends of two unjoined pieces of rail. the ends become white hot due to electrical resistance and are then pressed together forming a strong weld.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. upset welder. a type of welding equipment that binds two pieces together through direct pressure, high temperature and applied electrical current sufficient to expel surface contaminants --called upset-- from the weld. no external welding material is used.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. seam welder. a welder that is used for joint welding of relatively thin metal plate as a type of electric resistance welding.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. band saw blade welder. a welder that welds band shaped metal used for band saw machinery.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. stud welder or stud arc welder. a special welding machine that joins a metal stud or nut to a metal plate.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. alternating current ac arc welder. an type of arc welding machine that uses alternating current.. "
"welding machinery. welding machines cover devices used in a wide array of joining processes including arc welding (mig, tig, stick, submerged arc), resistance welding, laser welding, electron beam welding, stud welding orbital welding, wave soldering, hot dip brazing, torch brazing, induction brazing, ultrasonic and friction welding. welding machines include complete devices as well as their power sources, monitors, and controllers.. direct current dc arc welder. an arc welder that uses direct current for welding current.. "
"brazing machinery. brazing is a joining process in which filler metal is placed at or between the surfaces to be joined, and then heated to melting temperature (above 450\u00b0c / 800 \u00b0f). the solidification of the filler then creates a strong joint.. . "
"brazing machinery. brazing is a joining process in which filler metal is placed at or between the surfaces to be joined, and then heated to melting temperature (above 450\u00b0c / 800 \u00b0f). the solidification of the filler then creates a strong joint.. furnace brazing machine. furnace brazing is when the parts are cleaned, loaded with brazing metal and placed into a furnace. the furnace then melts the filler metal to join the surfaces.. "
"brazing machinery. brazing is a joining process in which filler metal is placed at or between the surfaces to be joined, and then heated to melting temperature (above 450\u00b0c / 800 \u00b0f). the solidification of the filler then creates a strong joint.. induction brazing machine. induction brazing is when the parts are loaded with filler metal and placed near the induction coils for rapid heating.. "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. . "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. furnace soldering machine. furnace soldering is when the parts are cleaned, loaded with brazing metal and placed into a furnace. the furnace then melts the filler metal to join the surfaces.. "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. induction soldering machine. induction brazing is when the parts are loaded with filler metal and placed near the induction coils for rapid heating.. "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. soldering iron. soldering irons are tools for bonding two or more metallic surfaces together with an intermediate alloy (such as tin/lead or zinc/copper alloys), which is melted and re-cooled as the bond.. "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. wave soldering machine. machine used to attach components in the manufacture of printed circuit boards. "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. reflow oven. a machine used for reflow soldering of components to printed circuit boards.. "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. selective soldering machine. a type of machine used to selectively solder individual or multiple components to printed circuit boards. "
"soldering machines. soldering is a method of joining metal parts using a filler metal of low melting point (solder). heat is applied to the metal parts, and the soft filler metal is pressed against the joint, melts, and is drawn into the joint by capillary action. after the metal cools, the resulting joints are not as strong as the base metal, but have adequate strength, electrical conductivity, and water-tightness for many uses.. automatic soldering machine. a machine that handles the application of filler metal and flux, along with heating and cooling automatically. material costs are controlled, since filler metal and flux are applied automatically\u2014in just the right amount.. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. . "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. blow pipe. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. blow torch. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. braze ring. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. desoldering gun. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. desoldering pump. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. desoldering tip. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. temperature indicating stick. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding generator. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding or brazing tip cleaner file. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding or cutting tip. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding or soldering kit. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding positioner and manipulator. welding positioners and manipulators include tube and circumferential welder, turning roll and rotator, weld manipulator, positioner and turntable, longitudinal seamer, robotic positioning station, and head and tail stock type positioners and manipulators.. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding screen. a type of protective screen, made of a polyvinyl chloride plastic film, used to protect nearby workers from exposure to the uv light from the electric arc.. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding tip dresser blade. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding tip dresser or accessories. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. flashback arrestor. specific check valve usually installed between torch and welding hose to prevent flow of burning fuel gas and the oxygen mixture back into hoses and regulators.. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. welding blanket. covering that provides protection from sparks, spatter and slag generated by welding or metal-cutting applications. "
"welding and soldering and brazing accessories. accessories for welding, soldering, and brazing machinery and/or equipment used during the welding, soldering, or brazing operations.. positive pressure enclosure or habitat. a positive pressure habitat, also known as welding habitats or hot work habitats, is a chamber used to provide a safe work environment for performing hot work in the presence of explosive gases or vapours. they are used in conjunction with the need for welding, grinding, cutting, sandblasting and metallisation.. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. . "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. anti spatter spray. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. brazing flux. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. desoldering braid. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. gas welding or brazing rod. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. iron powder. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. solder. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. soldering fluid. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. soldering flux. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. soldering tip. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. welding electrode. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. welding flux. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. welding rod. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. welding wire. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. cutting electrode. a type of arc welding electrode that operates under high current, produces a sharp, high intensity arc which melts the portion of arc and displaces the molten metal from the arc pool.. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. solder bar. bar or ingot solder. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. solder paste. solder suspended in flux used for connection of terminations. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. solder powder. powder form solder. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. solder wire. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. metal joining flux. substances that promote the effects of various metal joining processes. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. welding electrode moisture stabilizer. a device designed to prevent excessive humidity absorbtion by the welding electrode.. "
"welding and soldering and brazing supplies. materials used during welding, soldering, and brazing processes that are consumable or can be used up.. welder torch. a torch that is used when welding with inert gas without reacting with the oxygen in air in the high temperature during the welding work.. "
