"representative money or currency. any type of money that has face value greater than its value as a material substance. . "
"representative money or currency. any type of money that has face value greater than its value as a material substance. national banknotes. money declared by a government to be legal tender; intrinsically valueless money used as money because of government decree.. "
"representative money or currency. any type of money that has face value greater than its value as a material substance. commercial banknotes. money in the form of a type of negotiable instrument known as a promissory note, made by a bank, payable to the bearer on demand.  replaced for the most part by national banknotes issued by central banks.. "
"representative money or currency. any type of money that has face value greater than its value as a material substance. coins or coinage. money in the form of a small, flat, round piece of hard material such as metal or plastic used primarily as a medium of exchange or legal tender.  it is standardized in weight and produced in large quantities at a mint in order to facilitate trade.  it is most often issued by a government.. "
"representative money or currency. any type of money that has face value greater than its value as a material substance. local currency. money in the form of a currency that can be spent in a particular area at participating organizations.  usually it will act as a complementary currency that is to be used in addition to a national currency, rather than replace it.  it may not be backed by a national government or be legal tender.. "
"representative money or currency. any type of money that has face value greater than its value as a material substance. digital currency. money in the form of an internet based medium of exchange distinct from physical (such as banknotes and coins) that exhibits properties similar to physical currencies, but allows for instantaneous transactions and borderless transfer of ownership.. "
