"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. . "
"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. synthetic cell and tissue culture media and components. in this classification, synthetic cell and tissue culture media and components are substances that are composed entirely of defined components (e.g., amino acids, vitamins, inorganic salts) that are essential for the survival and development of cell lines of humans and other animals. us fda regulates synthetic cell and tissue culture media and components under 21 cfr 864.2220 and under fda product code kit.. "
"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. cell and tissue culture supplies and equipment. in this classification, cell and tissue culture supplies and equipment are devices that are used to examine, propagate, nourish, or grow cells and tissue cultures. these include such articles as slide culture chambers, perfusion and roller apparatus, cell culture suspension systems, and tissue culture flasks, disks, tubes, and roller bottles. us fda regulates cell and tissue culture supplies and equipment under 21 cfr 864.2240 and under fda product code kiy.. "
"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. chromosome culture kit. in this classification, a chromosome culture kit is a device containing the necessary ingredients (e.g., minimum essential media (mem) of mccoys 5a culture media, phytohemagglutinin, fetal calf serum, antibiotics, and heparin) used to culture tissues for diagnosis of congenital chromosome abnormalities. us fda regulates chromosome culture kit under 21 cfr 864.2260 and under fda product code kiq.. "
"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. cultured animal and human cells. in this classification, cultured animal and human cells are in vitro cultivated cell lines from the tissue of humans or other animals which are used in various diagnostic procedures, particularly diagnostic virology and cytogenetic studies. us fda regulates cultured animal and human cells under 21 cfr 864.2280 and under fda product code kir.. "
"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. mycoplasma detection media and components. in this classification, mycoplasma detection media and components are used to detect and isolate mycoplasma pleuropneumonia-like organisms (pplo), a common microbial contaminant in cell cultures. us fda regulates mycoplasma detection media and components under 21 cfr 864.2360 and under fda product code kix.. "
"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. animal and human sera. in this classification, animal and human sera are biological products, obtained from the blood of humans or other animals, that provide the necessary growth-promoting nutrients in a cell culture system. us fda regulates animal and human sera under 21 cfr 864.2800 and under fda product code kis.. "
"cell and tissue culture products. this classification includes cell and tissue culture products used in association with clinical laboratory procedures.. balanced salt solutions or formulations. in this classification, a balanced salt solution or formulation is a defined mixture of salts and glucose in a simple medium. this device is included as a necessary component of most cell culture systems. this media component controls for ph, osmotic pressure, energy source, and inorganic ions. us fda regulates balanced salt solutions or formulations under 21 cfr 864.2875 and under fda product code kip.. "
