"bags. . "
"bags. canvas bags. "
"bags. paper bags. "
"bags. plastic bags. "
"bags. flexible intermediate bulk containers. "
"bags. laundry nets or bags. "
"bags. tool bags. "
"bags. tent bag. "
"bags. water bags. "
"bags. rope bags and rope packs. "
"bags.  fiber mesh bag. a type of bag of woven fiber thread in mesh form used for packing agricultural products.. "
"bags.  straw bag. a woven straw sack used to contain grain and salt.. "
"bags.  cotton bag. a sack made of woven cotton fiber. this product has a string for hanging, tying or attaching by stitching.. "
"bags.  zipper bag. bag with zipper on the top portion of plastic vinyl bag to allow opening and reclosing of the bag by using the zipper.. "
"bags.  unwoven fabric bag. a type of bag made of fabric with a fiber net joined by mechanical, thermal or chemical procedures, but unwoven. the bag is ecological and replaces plastic bags in order to protect the planet.. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. . "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. reservoirs. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. air or gas tanks or cylinders. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. storage tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. calibrating tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. chemical tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. dip tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. expansion tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. fuel storage tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. processing tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. water storage tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. carboys. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. containment basin. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories. rinse tanks. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories.  hot water tank. a tank that makes, stores, and supplies hot water used for bath, washing, cleansing, cleaning, and others.. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories.  steam condensate tank. tank that retrieves and stores high temperature condensation water discharge from steam trap of heat exchanger or water heater tank and others. as foreign matter is mixed with retrieved condensation water, apparatus for changing hard water to soft water is installed in order to reuse the condensation water in the boiler.. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories.  liquified gas tank or cylinder. vessel used to store and dispense liquified gas --liquified nitrogen, oxygen, argon, etc.-- at temperatures below -50 degrees centigrade. vessel is sheathed with thermal insulation material or refrigerated to prevent gas temperature from exceeding normal temperature.. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories.  cement silo. a tall cylindrical storage facility that stores dry, bulk cement, a raw ingredient of concrete. it is water proof and moisture proof, and has a device for loading or dispensing the cement.. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories.  tank seal. annular seal designed to prevent escape of vapors from floating roof storage tanks. includes wiper assemblies. "
"tanks and cylinders and their accessories.  hydropneumatic tank. the hydropneumatic tank stores pressure water and air supplied by a compressor, this allows water to have a sufficient pressure to feed different building areas.. "
"bins and baskets. . "
"bins and baskets. non metallic bins. "
"bins and baskets. metallic bins. "
"bins and baskets. metallic baskets. "
"bins and baskets. non metallic baskets. "
"bins and baskets. material handling racks. "
"casks and barrels and drums. . "
"casks and barrels and drums. casks. "
"casks and barrels and drums. barrels. "
"casks and barrels and drums. metallic drums. "
"casks and barrels and drums. non metallic drums. "
"casks and barrels and drums. intermediate bulk containers. "
"casks and barrels and drums. stabilizer. "
"casks and barrels and drums. drum lid. "
"cans and pails. . "
"cans and pails. metallic pails. "
"cans and pails. non metallic pails. "
"cans and pails. metallic flammable liquid cans. "
"cans and pails. non metallic flammable liquid cans. "
"cans and pails. spray kit. "
"cans and pails. jerrycans. "
"cans and pails.  milk can. a type of can used for milk storage and packing. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks. . "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks. tool chest or cabinet. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks. hazardous materials cabinets. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks. tool belts. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks. shelf partition. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks.  road and flight case. custom-designed cases made specially for the transportation of heavy, yet fragile equipment such as electronic equipment, lighting, etc. these cases are made of wood panels and reinforced with metal corners, edges and casters. they also have handles for easier manipulation and saucers on the top which enable them to be stacked during transportation. they may include custom made protective liners.\u00a0\u00a0. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks.  equipment transportation case. custom designed cases built to transport fragile equipment such as musical instruments, scientific instruments or electronic equipement, etc. they have built-in form-fitted liners to protect the equipment and they are designed to be carried by hand.\u00a0\u00a0. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks.  flag storage box or case. box made to store flags. it is usually wooden, varnished with lacquer, or plastic.. "
"storage chests and cabinets and trunks.  underground equipment cabinet. waterproof cabinet for storing various machines or electrical devices. can be equipped with hydraulic system enabling it to be lowered or raised, differentiating it from equipment installed in the cabinet. "
"corrugated and other supplies for distribution. . "
"corrugated and other supplies for distribution. slotted corrugated cartons. "
"corrugated and other supplies for distribution. one piece die cut shipping cartons. "
"corrugated and other supplies for distribution. die cut corrugated shipping cartons with separate lids. "
"corrugated and other supplies for distribution. corrugated cardboard shapes. "
"liquid containers. . "
"liquid containers. jugs. "
"liquid containers. jars. "
"pallets. pallets are platforms used to move goods throughout their lifecycles.. . "
"pallets. pallets are platforms used to move goods throughout their lifecycles.. wood pallet. wood pallets are pallets made of lumber and wood components, including processed materials composed of wood chips, wood powders and paper.. "
"pallets. pallets are platforms used to move goods throughout their lifecycles.. plastic pallet. plastic pallets are pallets made of plastic, including single and multiple sheets of extruded plastic.. "
"pallets. pallets are platforms used to move goods throughout their lifecycles.. metal pallet. a frame used in materials storage and transport that facilitates the lifting and handling of materials by mobile hydraulic cranes called forklifts or stacker calls. load capacity is greater than a wooden pallet:up to 2000 kg. it is also known as a palet, pallet, stowage, stretcher.. "
"freight containers. specially designed receptacles that fit in the cargo compartments of wide-bodied ships, aircrafts, trucks or trains.. . "
"freight containers. specially designed receptacles that fit in the cargo compartments of wide-bodied ships, aircrafts, trucks or trains.. dry freight container. dry containers are weatherproof boxes designed for shipment of dry state freight, generally used for overseas shipments. they differ from other types of freight containers.. "
"freight containers. specially designed receptacles that fit in the cargo compartments of wide-bodied ships, aircrafts, trucks or trains.. open top freight container. an open top container has an open top covered by a tarpaulin instead of a solid roof. this enables oversized (i.e. door opening) cargo such as timber and scrap metal to be loaded from the top. these containers normally have end doors to give flexibility to loading and discharging operations.. "
"freight containers. specially designed receptacles that fit in the cargo compartments of wide-bodied ships, aircrafts, trucks or trains.. platform freight container. platform containers are without sides, ends or roof. they are used for awkwardly shaped cargoes which cannot fit on or in any other type of container.. "
"freight containers. specially designed receptacles that fit in the cargo compartments of wide-bodied ships, aircrafts, trucks or trains.. flatrack freight container. flatracks are especially suited for heavy loads or cargo that needs loading from the top or sides, such as pipes and machinery. includes collapsible and non-collapsible containers with or without walls. flatracks are especially suited\u00a0for heavy loads.. "
"freight containers. specially designed receptacles that fit in the cargo compartments of wide-bodied ships, aircrafts, trucks or trains.. temperature controlled freight container. a type of freight container used for transport of cargo requiring temperature control.. "
"crates. wood, metal, plastic or other material; rigid container of considerable size; covered or open top. . "
"crates. wood, metal, plastic or other material; rigid container of considerable size; covered or open top. wooden crate. rigid wooden container of considerable size; covered or open top. "
"crates. wood, metal, plastic or other material; rigid container of considerable size; covered or open top. plastic crate. container used for transporting fresh food such as fish and other goods.. "
"slip sheets. slip sheets are thin pallet-sized sheets made of plastic or fibreboard, used in commercial shipping.. . "
"slip sheets. slip sheets are thin pallet-sized sheets made of plastic or fibreboard, used in commercial shipping.. corrugated slip sheet. the corrugated material consists of two kraft liner board outer surfaces with a corrugated interior that is bonded together with adhesive or glue.this bonded material provides the necessary strength for the push-pull device to clamp the slip sheet once or twice.. "
"slip sheets. slip sheets are thin pallet-sized sheets made of plastic or fibreboard, used in commercial shipping.. fiberboard or solid kraftboard slip sheet. the fiberboard slip sheet consists of several layers of solid fiberboard sheets laminated together.. "
"slip sheets. slip sheets are thin pallet-sized sheets made of plastic or fibreboard, used in commercial shipping.. plastic slip sheet. the plastic slip sheet is made of a combination of polyethylene materials. this type of material allows for greater non-tear strength and an increased number of uses in cold and humid environments.. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. . "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. mail box. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. antistatic box. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. box lid. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. cold storage box. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. ballot box. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. tool box. specialized container for storing hand tools and related supplies. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. box partition. divider and/or other type of separation structure used to separate materials to be boxed. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. insulated box for vaccines. temperature controlled delivery box specialized for the transport of vaccines. "
"boxes. includes all types of box-type containers of varying purposes and material types. molded box. "
