"lathe cut seals. seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. . "
"lathe cut seals. seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. rubber lathe cut seal. a type of seal made of rubber produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. "
"lathe cut seals. seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. polytetrafluoroethylene lathe cut seal. a type of seal made of polytetrafluoroethylene ptfe produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. "
"lathe cut seals. seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. neoprene lathe cut seal. a type of seal made of neoprene produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. "
"lathe cut seals. seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. polyacrylate lathe cut seal. a type of seal made of polyacrylate produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. "
"lathe cut seals. seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. metallic lathe cut seal. a type of seal made of metal produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. "
"lathe cut seals. seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. lathe cut seal kit. a kit for seals produced by turning to achieve desired inner and outer diameters and thicknesses. "
"die cut seals. seals produced by cutting various sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. . "
"die cut seals. seals produced by cutting various sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. rubber die cut seal. seal produced by cutting rubber sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. "
"die cut seals. seals produced by cutting various sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. foam die cut seal. seal produced by cutting various open or closed cell foam sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. "
"die cut seals. seals produced by cutting various sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. plastic die cut seal. seal produced by cutting plastic sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. "
"die cut seals. seals produced by cutting various sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. die cut seal kit. seal kit for seals produced by cutting various sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. "
"die cut seals. seals produced by cutting various sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. silicone die cut seal. seal produced by cutting silicone sheet materials using punches and dies to achieve desired perimeter shapes. "
"mechanical seals. seals designed to prevent leakage between a rotating shaft and its housing.. . "
"mechanical seals. seals designed to prevent leakage between a rotating shaft and its housing.. pusher mechanical seal. a mechanical seal utilizing a dynamic secondary seal or o-ring that is responsible for sealing the fluid path between the pump shaft and the inside diameter of the rotating seal face.. "
"mechanical seals. seals designed to prevent leakage between a rotating shaft and its housing.. bellows mechanical seal. a non pusher design that does not move along the shaft or sleeve to maintain seal face contact. the bellows itself provides the necessary spring loading for seal face contact.. "
"mechanical seals. seals designed to prevent leakage between a rotating shaft and its housing.. mechanical seal kit. seal kit for seals designed to prevent leakage between a rotating shaft and its housing.. "
"mechanical seals. seals designed to prevent leakage between a rotating shaft and its housing.. v ring seal. seal mounted on shafts allowing their thin, tapered v flanges to seal against a surface at right angles to the shaft. "
"mechanical seals. seals designed to prevent leakage between a rotating shaft and its housing.. lip seal. an annular shaft seal for sealing against oil which is flexible and uses an interference fit on the shaft and deformation stress to maintain the seal.. "
"diaphragm seals. isolation devices used to separate pressure instruments from the process media, while allowing the instruments to sense the process pressure. . "
"diaphragm seals. isolation devices used to separate pressure instruments from the process media, while allowing the instruments to sense the process pressure. welded diaphragm seal. a type seal welded or bonded directly to the upper housing, permitting removal of the upper housing without a loss of fill fluid. "
"diaphragm seals. isolation devices used to separate pressure instruments from the process media, while allowing the instruments to sense the process pressure. clamped diaphragm seal. a type seal clamped between the upper and lower housing allowing it to be removed and replaced easily. "
"diaphragm seals. isolation devices used to separate pressure instruments from the process media, while allowing the instruments to sense the process pressure. capsule diaphragm seal. a type seal that is internally sealed, with the fill fluid within the capsule in the upper housing. "
"diaphragm seals. isolation devices used to separate pressure instruments from the process media, while allowing the instruments to sense the process pressure. rubber diaphragm seal. a type seal produced by molding or extruding rubber to the desired configuration. "
"diaphragm seals. isolation devices used to separate pressure instruments from the process media, while allowing the instruments to sense the process pressure. fiber reinforced diaphragm seal. an elastomeric or other polymeric diaphragm seal reinforced with glass, carbon or other fibers. "
"molded seals. seals produced from various materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. . "
"molded seals. seals produced from various materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. rubber molded seal. seal produced from rubber materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. "
"molded seals. seals produced from various materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. plastic molded seal. seal produced from various plastic materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. "
"molded seals. seals produced from various materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. precision molded seal. molded seal produced from engineered materials, using close tolerance tooling to achieve significantly more precise dimensions than typically achieved. "
"molded seals. seals produced from various materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. rubber on metal or plastic molded seal. a type of seal consisting of rubber molded onto a rigid plastic or metal substrate used to prevent flow of a liquid or gas from one area to another and or to provide physical features. "
"molded seals. seals produced from various materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. silicone molded seal. seal produced from silicone materials by using various molding processes to achieve desired dimensions and features. "
