"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. . "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. hydraulic press brake. press brakes bend sheet metal or plate by utilizing long dies and a hydraulic press. hydraulic presses operate at constant speeds and can transmit large amounts of energy to the workpiece by maintaining a constant load throughout the stroke.. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. manual press brake. press brakes bend sheet metal or plate by utilizing long dies and a mechanical press. the mechanical press is either the crank or eccentric type, with speeds that vary from a maximum at the center of the stroke to zero at the bottom of the stroke.. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. metal folding machine. folding machines support the material through the whole cycle and the machine gauges off of the overall width of the part, not just the flange. the tooling for folding machines is almost universal, where press brakes require different tooling for every gauge and bend.. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. tangent bender. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. tube bending machine. bending machines that use internal mandrels, or filling tubes with particulate materials such as sand, which are often necessary to prevent collapsing of the tubes during the bending. solid rods and structural shapes are also bent by these techniques.. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. tube end finisher. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. wing bender. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. steel bar bending machine. a metal forming machine that bends steel rod to desired shape.. "
"metal bending machines. machines that apply direct pressure to a piece of material, forcing it to change into either a curved or angular shape.. wire drawing machine. a metal processing machine that reduces the diameter of worked material by pulling or drawing it through metal dies with the cross section of product shape.. "
"metal rolling machines. machines that reduce the thickness or change the cross-section of a long workpiece by compressive forces applied through a set of rolls.. . "
"metal rolling machines. machines that reduce the thickness or change the cross-section of a long workpiece by compressive forces applied through a set of rolls.. thread rolling machine. "
"metal rolling machines. machines that reduce the thickness or change the cross-section of a long workpiece by compressive forces applied through a set of rolls.. sheet metal forming machine. a machine that is used when the thin steel sheet is wound up in circular shape as a part of the press working machine.. "
"metal rolling machines. machines that reduce the thickness or change the cross-section of a long workpiece by compressive forces applied through a set of rolls.. rolling press. a machine used in metal sheet manufacturing wherein metal sheets are passed through revolving rollers to achieve the desired thickness.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. . "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. forge shear press. subjecting the material to shear stresses, typically between a punch and a die, cuts the material into a slug, billet, or preform used during the forging operation.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. impression and closed die forging press. two shaped dies are pressed together and the workpiece acquires the shape of the die cavities.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. open die forging press. a solid workpiece is placed between two flat dies and reduced in height by pressing the two dies together.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. radial forging machines. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. roll forging machines. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. rotary burrs. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. trim press. trim presses are used after the forging press operations to remove excess metal or flash.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. high speed forging machine. a forging machine that increases the speed of the hammer head much greater by compressing the vapor or air and momentarily releasing it.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. air hammer forging machine. a forging machine that applies compressed air to the piston to operate the ram and it is generally used in hot forging works.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. spring hammer forging machine. a type of forging machine that applies the strike by transmitting the rotation force of the crank to the hammer through the leaf spring for impact.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. steam hammer forging machine. a type of forging machine that ascends and descends with the hammer head by the vapor force to forging the material.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. drop hammer forging machine. a type of forging machine that makes the forging by dropping the hard steel hammer from appropriate height.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. swaging forging machine. a type of forging machine that puts the workpiece into the dies and repeatedly strikes dies at high speed with the hammer.. "
"forging machines. forging machines shape the workpiece by compressive forces applied through various dies and tools.. upset forger or crank press. a type of forging machinery that increases the diameter of the workpiece by compressing its length.. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. . "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. bend die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. cutting die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. die casting die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. fine blanking die. fine blanking dies produce very smooth and square edges on sheet metal.. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. forge die. dies are engraved or machined metal blanks used to form another object through a forging process.. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. metal extrusion die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. metal stamp. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. pipe bending mandrel. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. rotary die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. stamping die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. steel rule die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. threading die. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. cabling die. attachment for manufacture of steel cable or wire.. "
"metal forming dies and tooling. the dies and tooling used for metal forming machinery.. drawing die. device used in wire and cable manufacturing which reduces diameter of input wire through continuous\"drawing\" or pulling operation, thus stretching and transforming metal to produce smaller diameter wire.. "
"metal container manufacturing machinery and equipment. machinery and equipment that are used to manufacture metal containers such as drums, cans, etc.. . "
"metal container manufacturing machinery and equipment. machinery and equipment that are used to manufacture metal containers such as drums, cans, etc.. metal sheet feeder. a machine that supplies metallic raw material to the process of cutting and dimensioning galvanized sheet, tin free steel plate, aluminum sheet, etc. which are then sent to the container manufacturing process.. "
