"domestic disposable kitchenware. . "
"domestic disposable kitchenware. domestic disposable cookware. "
"domestic disposable kitchenware. domestic disposable dishes. "
"domestic disposable kitchenware. domestic disposable flatware. "
"domestic disposable kitchenware. domestic disposable cups or glasses or lids. "
"domestic disposable kitchenware. domestic disposable stirrers. "
"domestic disposable kitchenware. domestic disposable food containers. "
"domestic disposable kitchenware. domestic disposable drinking straws. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. . "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic rolling pins. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic mixing bowls. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic graters. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic strainers or colanders. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic can or bottle openers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic cutting boards. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic measuring cups. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. basters or basting brushes. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. vegetable peeler. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. cookie cutters. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic kitchen tongs. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic kitchen wire whips. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic food scrapers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic cooling racks. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic pizza cutters. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic kitchen spatulas. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic wooden spoons. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic wooden oven paddle. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic pastry blender. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic sifter. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic cookie stampers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic pastry decorating gun. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic cookie press. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic knife sharpeners. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic biscuit cutters. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic mandolin. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic garlic press. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic egg slicer. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic egg separator. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic cheese slicer. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic food mill. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic kitchen funnels. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic garnishing tools. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic apple corer. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic melon or butter baller. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic food scoops. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic pumpkin carver. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic vegetable brush. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic egg beater. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic pasta drying rack. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic whipped cream maker. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic dough press. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic ravioli maker. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic mist or trigger sprayers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic pastry brush. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic kitchen or diet scales. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic kitchen timers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic kitchen or food thermometers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic bread slicing guide. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic drain boards. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. domestic measuring spoons. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. lemon squeezers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. oyster knives. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. potato mashers. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils. salad spinners. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  avocado slicer. tool used to create avocado slices in one motion by simply gliding it through half an avocado.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  culinary torch. tool with set up for gas output. ideal to broil cr\u00e8mes brul\u00e9es and work sugar for pastries.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  dough knife. wide rectangular blade with top mounted handle. used for cutting or dividing rolled out or batch doughs, lifting doughs from board and scraping dough board.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  manual meat tenderizer. kitchen tool, with prongs or picks, used to manually tenderize meat.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  spaghetti spoon. cupped, pronged spoon for removing long pasta from water.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  bottle splash guard. a type of insert designed for wide mouth bottles. it provides a smaller drinking hole to block the splash. domestic use only.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  mesh dipper. a device that is made in small rubbish carrying basket-shape to separate the rice from foreign substances and remove the moisture. it is used to make with the bamboo strip, bush clover and others, but the wire and synthetic resin are generally used in recent days.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  food grinding mortar. a tool that has the large groove in the middle to be used to pound or grind the grain that is operated manually by user.. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  domestic olive pit remover. kitchen tool used to remove the olive pit. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  domestic skimmer. a flat, sieve-like scoop or spoon used for skimming liquids. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  domestic ladle. a long handled spoon which terminates in a deep bowl and is used for serving soup, stew or similar foods. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  domestic ice mould. a type of mould, usually made of plastic, which when filled with water can be frozen to create pieces of ice sculpted to a specific shape. "
"domestic kitchen tools and utensils.  domestic kitchen tool set. a collection of related kitchen tools. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery. . "
"domestic flatware and cutlery. domestic serving utensils. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery. domestic knives. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery. domestic forks. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery. domestic spoons. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery. spoon rests. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery. chopsticks. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery.  domestic cutlery set. a cutlery set is a set containing knives only.. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery.  butter spreaders. this commodity is a piece of cutlery used to spread butter usually on bread. butter spreaders differ by design, material, and color and are usually made of metal, however, handles on some flatware sets may be made of plastic. "
"domestic flatware and cutlery.  flatware set. the commodity includes utensils (flatware) used for eating a meal with different dishes.. "
"domestic cookware. . "
"domestic cookware. domestic dutch ovens. "
"domestic cookware. domestic frying pans. "
"domestic cookware. domestic saucepans. "
"domestic cookware. domestic kettles. "
"domestic cookware. domestic woks. "
"domestic cookware. domestic steamers. "
"domestic cookware. domestic stock pots. "
"domestic cookware. domestic pressure cookers. "
"domestic cookware. domestic saute pans. "
"domestic cookware. domestic chafing dishes. "
"domestic cookware. domestic griddles. "
"domestic cookware. domestic double boilers. "
"domestic cookware. domestic splatter shield. "
"domestic cookware.  domestic casserole dish or pan. a casserole is a large, deep dish or pan used both for oven cooking and as a serving vessel. "
"domestic cookware.  domestic ramekin. a small glazed ceramic or glass serving bowl used for the cooking and serving of various food dishes. "
"domestic bakeware. . "
"domestic bakeware. domestic muffin pans. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic baking pans. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic cake or pie pans. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic roasting pans. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic baking sheets. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic broiling pans. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic baking molds. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic pizza pans. "
"domestic bakeware. domestic tortilla bakers. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. . "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic pitchers. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic food storage containers. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic punch bowls. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic plates. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic saucers. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic trays or platters. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic serving bowls. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic tea or coffee pots. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic soup or salad bowls. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic vacuum flasks. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. inners for vacuum flasks. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. ice trays. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. spice or salt or pepper shakers. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. carafe sets. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic cake plate with dome. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers. domestic dinner set. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers.  wooden rice chest. a type of household furniture to store the grain and this chest is used to store the rice for cooking in kitchen.. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers.  lunch box. a small pot to contain food for a meal and make easy carriage.. "
"domestic dishes and servingware and storage containers.  domestic cutlery or utensil box. container used to store pieces of cutlery or general utensils.. "
"domestic drink ware. . "
"domestic drink ware. domestic coffee or tea cups. "
"domestic drink ware. domestic drinking glasses. "
"domestic drink ware. domestic mugs. "
"domestic drink ware. domestic stemware. "
"domestic drink ware.  shot glass. a small glass designed to hold or measure spirits or liquor, which is either drunk straight from the glass (\"a shot\") or poured into a mixed drink.. "
"domestic drink ware.  domestic mug tree. a stand made in the shape of a tree on which mugs can be hung. "
"dishwashing and dish storage accessories. . "
"dishwashing and dish storage accessories. shelf liner. "
"dishwashing and dish storage accessories. dish drainer. "
"dishwashing and dish storage accessories. soap dispensing brush. "
"dishwashing and dish storage accessories.  food preparation table. a table that is made for cutting, pounding, making paste or any similar activities on meat, vegetable and others. it has the attachment of the shelf to keep and place the kitchenware.. "
"domestic kitchen supplies. covers all consumable materials generally used in a home kitchen environment such as plastic food wrap, aluminum foil, etc.. . "
"domestic kitchen supplies. covers all consumable materials generally used in a home kitchen environment such as plastic food wrap, aluminum foil, etc.. domestic oven cleaner. a strong chemical liquid, often a corrosive alkali, in an aerosol container or pump-actuated bottle designed to remove grease and related residue from interior surfaces of domestic ovens. the liquid is thick or foamy to promote clinging to vertical surfaces.\u00a0\u00a0. "
