"audio and visual equipment. . "
"audio and visual equipment. cassette players or recorders. "
"audio and visual equipment. televisions. "
"audio and visual equipment. clock radios. "
"audio and visual equipment. laser disc players. "
"audio and visual equipment. portable stereo systems. "
"audio and visual equipment.  home high fidelity audio system. home high fidelity audio system for playing audio media only.. "
"audio and visual equipment. radios. "
"audio and visual equipment. loudspeakers. "
"audio and visual equipment.  combination television vhs and dvd recorder. television unit that includes vhs video cassette recorder and dvd recorder. "
"audio and visual equipment. headphones. "
"audio and visual equipment. compact disk players or recorders. "
"audio and visual equipment. digital video disk players or recorders. "
"audio and visual equipment. equalizers. "
"audio and visual equipment. global positioning system gps receiver. "
"audio and visual equipment. microphones. "
"audio and visual equipment. multimedia receivers. "
"audio and visual equipment. radio frequency scanners. "
"audio and visual equipment. radio frequency transmitters or receivers. "
"audio and visual equipment. radio receivers. "
"audio and visual equipment. remote control. "
"audio and visual equipment. satellite receivers. "
"audio and visual equipment. subwoofers. "
"audio and visual equipment. video cassette players or recorders. "
"audio and visual equipment. radio phonographs. "
"audio and visual equipment. karaoke systems. "
"audio and visual equipment. megaphones. "
"audio and visual equipment. integrated circut ic chip recorder. "
"audio and visual equipment. digital voice recorders. "
"audio and visual equipment. minidisc players or recorders. "
"audio and visual equipment. magnetic storage media erasers. "
"audio and visual equipment. video tape rewinders. "
"audio and visual equipment. combination digital video disc dvd video cassette disc vcd compact disc cd player. "
"audio and visual equipment. video switchers. "
"audio and visual equipment. audio switchers. "
"audio and visual equipment. plasma screens. "
"audio and visual equipment.  mp3 players or recorders. mp3 players/recorders are mainstream portable audio equipment that records digital music for playback.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  video or audio cassette erasers. this commodity produced by consumer electronics manufacturers and contains single multifunctional device or multiple devices that are used for the purposes of removing content (picture and/or sound) from video and audio cassettes.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  digital video recorders. this type of device uses a hard drive (like the one in the computer) to record and store television content.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  television tuners. external tv tuners that are intended to be used with plasma panels or multimedia projectors (lcd or dlp). this commodity does not include pc tv tuners.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  audio amplifier. a type of consumer electronic device used to amplify low power sound from audio cassette decks, audio cd players etc.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  audio turntable. a type of consumer electronic device used to play vinyl recordings.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  digital picture frame. a framed tft display designed to display preloaded digital images (jpeg or any digital image format). has slots for flash memory cards and/or an interface for digital photo camera connection. the frame looks like casual photo frame.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  personal video recorder pvr. one of several types of devices that record video in a digital format to a disk drive or other medium.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  wireless microphone and instrument amplification system. a wireless (usually radio) method of transmitting microphone signals, or signals from an electronic instrument such as a guitar, to an amplifier or audio mixer.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  light receiver. an electronic device that converts a light signal from a transmitter into useful information.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  blu ray video disc player or recorder. this disc player uses blu-ray technology for video playback.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  earphone. a small device that converts the electric signal into the sound signal. it is placed or closely inserted near to the ears to use for enjoying radio, television or music appreciation by the user alone.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  portable video multimedia combined set. a small type multimedia player that is possible for portable use as integrated for video player and monitor or television and radio within the chassis.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  video distributer. equipment that is designed to monitor the transmitted image from a camera to the multiple monitors as the same image. this is the equipment to monitor the video signal in several places for appropriate distribution and amplification to meet the monitor quantity.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  fixed computer gaming console. fixed computer consoles that are plugged into the mains and are therefore not portable, generally found plugged in to televisions. these are distinct from smaller handheld portable games consoles.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  portable computer gaming console. portable computer gaming consoles that are hand held and do not have to be plugged into the mains. these are distinct from non portable games consoles.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  three dimensional 3d glasses for use with 3d televisions and 3d graphics equipped computers. special glasses which connect to either the television or a computer equipped with electronics to support 3-d imagery, usually via a wi-fi connection or direct cable link. required to enable three dimensional 3d images to be viewed properly.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  home cinema system. home cinema systems are complete sets of products which include some or all of the following components; dvd player and or recorder, a set of speakers, power amplifier, radio receiver, satellite decoder. they support the playing of video and audio media and are distinct from home high fidelity audio systems which for the playback of audio material only.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  mp4 player or recorder. mp4 recorders and or players are conventional portable audio and video equipment that record or play digital music.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  language translation device. electronic device that is capable of translating phrases and single words including meaning of the words.. "
"audio and visual equipment.  digital radio. in digital radios the analog audio signal is digitized into zeros and ones, compressed using formats such as mp2, and transmitted using a digital modulation scheme. the aim is to increase the number of radio programs in a given spectrum, to improve the audio quality, to eliminate fading problems in mobile environments, to allow additional services such as pause and rewind or song or show details, and to decrease the transmission power or the number of transmitters required to cover a region.. "
"audio visual equipment accessories. . "
"audio visual equipment accessories. cassette storage. "
"audio visual equipment accessories. audio or video head cleaners. "
"audio visual equipment accessories. compact video cassette adapter. "
"audio visual equipment accessories. headphone jack adapters. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  portable media player accessories. includes adapters, holders, etc. for\u00a0portable multimedia players (pmp) which are hard disk or flash memory based electronic devices, such as an mp3 player, which is capable of storing and playing files in one or more media formats.. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  speaker enclosure. an enclosure or case for speaker driver(s), for example subwoofer(s). there are different types of speaker enclosures: sealed, ported, bass reflex, etc. it can be stand-alone module for domestic use or designed for mounting in a vehicle.. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  vinyl record storage device. a type of device used to store, organize and protect vinyl records. it can be designed for a 7 inch disc or a 12-inch disc.. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  scart splitter box. a splitter box that enables multiple audio visual devices to be connected using scart connectors.scart is a a french-originated standard and associated 21-pin connector for connecting audio-visual (av) equipment together.. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  audio turntable cartridge and pickup. a device which amplifies the signal from a vinyl record, played on an audio turntable. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  loud speaker stand. device that enables loud speakers to be raised in height off the floor or a shelf, to improve sound projection.. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  microphone stand. a support structure for a microphone.types include desktop, straight and boom stands.. "
"audio visual equipment accessories.  microphone disinfector. a device that disinfects microphones using ultraviolet light.. "
