"accounting services. . "
"accounting services.  cost accounting service. service that provides the activities inherent in cost accounting. "
"accounting services.  financial accounting service. service that provides the activities inherent in financial accounting. "
"accounting services.  tax accounting service. service that provides the activities inherent in tax accounting. "
"accounting services. bookkeeping services. "
"accounting services. payroll accounting services. "
"accounting services. billing services. "
"accounting services.  inventory accounting service. service that provides the activities inherent in inventory accounting. "
"accounting services.  export administration and accounting service. accounting and administration services for export goods. "
"audit services. . "
"audit services. year end audits. "
"audit services. quarterly reviews. "
"audit services. internal audits. "
"corporate finance. . "
"corporate finance. treasury services. "
"corporate finance. investor relations services or programs. "
"corporate finance. budget preparation or review services. "
"taxation issues and preparation. . "
"taxation issues and preparation. tax preparers. "
"taxation issues and preparation. tax advisory services. "
"taxation issues and preparation.  foreign value added tax recovery service. considering the, 6th, 8th and 13th eu directives, applicable international conventions and/or national laws, service provider has to support and manage the vat reclaim procedure relating to the buyers expenses. reclaim procedure starts from the identification of eligible invoices and finish with transfer of refunded vat to buyer.. "
"taxation issues and preparation.  domestic value added tax recovery service. considering the, 6th, 8th and 13th eu directives, applicable international conventions and/or national laws, service provider has to support and manage the vat reclaim procedure relating to the buyers expenses. reclaim procedure starts from the identification of eligible invoices and finish with transfer of refunded vat to buyer.. "
