"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. . "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. molybdenum oxide. oxide from molybdenum metal. used for the manufacturing of some alloys. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. titanium oxide. as a pigment of high refringence, titanium dioxide is the most widely used white pigment because of its brightness and very high refractive index (n=2.4), in which it is surpassed only by a few other materials. when deposited as a thin film, its refractive index and colour make it an excellent reflective optical coating for dielectric mirrors and some gemstones. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. indium oxide. indium oxide is used in some types of batteries, thin film infrared reflectors transparent for visible light (hot mirrors), some optical coatings, and some antistatic coatings.. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. tin oxide. tin oxide is mainly used to make transparent conductive coatings for liquid crystal displays, flat panel displays, plasma displays, touch panels, electronic ink applications, organic light-emitting diodes, and solar cells, and antistatic coatings and emi shieldings.. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. sealing clay. a type of clay with a high quality sealing functionality.. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. vanadium oxide. a compound of vanadium and oxygen.. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. nickel oxide. nickel oxide. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. manganese oxide. a type of non ferrous oxide produced when manganese is further processed from ore.. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. artificial corundum. an artificial rock-forming mineral.. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. zinc oxide. an inorganic compound with the formula zno. zno is a white powder that is insoluble in water, and it is widely used as an additive in numerous materials and products including rubbers, plastics, ceramics, glass, etc.. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. aluminum oxide. a chemical compound of aluminium and oxygen with the chemical formula al2o3. it is the most commonly occurring of several aluminium oxides,. "
"non ferrous metal oxides. the non-ferrous metal oxides are any oxide but iron oxides. copper oxide. an inorganic compound with the formula cu2o. it is one of the principal oxides of copper.. "
