"petroleum and distillates. . "
"petroleum and distillates. kerosene. "
"petroleum and distillates. naphtha. "
"petroleum and distillates. aviation fuel. "
"petroleum and distillates. diesel fuel. "
"petroleum and distillates. gasoline or petrol. "
"petroleum and distillates. benzene. "
"petroleum and distillates. crude oil. "
"petroleum and distillates. marine fuel. "
"petroleum and distillates. condensate. "
"petroleum and distillates.  petroleum coke or pet coke. a carbon solid derived from oil refinery coker units or other cracking processes.. "
"petroleum and distillates.  diesel fuel off road. diesel fuels specifically formulated for use off roads and highways. "
"solid and gel fuels. . "
"solid and gel fuels.  sub bituminous or weak coal. a lower quality of coal used to produce a lower quality coke for use in blast furnaces but can also be pulverized and directly injected into blast furnaces as another means of introducing the reducing agent to the iron making process. called pulverized coal injection. "
"solid and gel fuels. lignite. "
"solid and gel fuels. peat. "
"solid and gel fuels. coke. "
"solid and gel fuels. charcoal. "
"solid and gel fuels. jellied alcohol fuels. "
"solid and gel fuels. hexamines. "
"solid and gel fuels. trioxanes. "
"solid and gel fuels.  briquette. a dried solid fuel for heating made from a mixture of anthracite and another pulverized carbide or combined with bonding materials and then molded into cylinder shape. it is called a nine-holed briquette or just a holed briquette as it has airholes.. "
"solid and gel fuels.  coconut shell charcoal. a type of activated carbon manufactured from coconut shell which is considered superior to other sources mainly because of the small macropore structure of coconut shells which renders them more effective for the adsorption of gas/ vapour and for the removal of color, oxidants, impurities and odor of compounds.. "
"solid and gel fuels.  anthracite or hard coal. a type of coal that has fine carbonization without smoke for combustion, low volatilization and high fixed carbon contents of between 85 and 95 percent.. "
"solid and gel fuels.  metallurgical coal. a type of coal, usually anthracite, used primarily in the iron making process specifically for producing coke which acts as a reducing agent, e.g., strips off oxygen from iron ore. this is the high level distinction between coal used for metallurgical reasons --processing of ores to produce metals-- versus coal used for heating purposes--energy or thermal coal used in power stations or other furnaces.. "
"solid and gel fuels.  raw coal. raw coal is coal that contains dilution material e.g. tramp iron, timber, and strong rocks or increased ash content. it is coal that is typically washed before to produce a more marketable metallurgical or energy coal. it is a product that can be sold in the raw form to other parties that prefer an unwashed coal or other parties that have facilities to wash the coal themselves.. "
"solid and gel fuels.  energy coal. energy coal is hard, bituminous thermal or steam coal. "
"solid and gel fuels.  wood chip fuel. solid fuel made from wood chips from needleleaf and deciduous trees cut in certain size. "
"fuel oils. . "
"fuel oils. #2 heating fuel oil. "
"fuel oils. #4 or #6 residual heavy fuel oils. "
"fuel oils.  no.5 residual heavy fuel oil. a mixture of heavy distillates and residual oils that is used in commercial and industrial burners that can operate with more viscous fuels.. "
"plant based liquid fuels or biofuels. fuels made from oil extracted from fruits, roots and stems of plants.. . "
"plant based liquid fuels or biofuels. fuels made from oil extracted from fruits, roots and stems of plants.. biodiesel. a type of biofuel that is made with the ingredients in vegetable oil, such as soybean oil and it is most widely used along with bioethanol.. "
"plant based liquid fuels or biofuels. fuels made from oil extracted from fruits, roots and stems of plants.. ethanol. a type of fuel, ethyl alcohol, which is the same type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages. it can be used as a transport fuel, mainly as a biofuel additive to gasoline.. "
