"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. . "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated cell counter. in this classification, an automated cell counter is a fully-automated or semi-automated device used to count red blood cells, white blood cells, or blood platelets using a sample of the patients peripheral blood (blood circulating in one of the bodys extremities, such as the arm). us fda regulates automated cell counter under 21 cfr 864.5200 and under fda product code gkl.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated differential cell counter. in this classification, an automated differential cell counter is a device used to identify one or more of the formed elements of the blood. the device may also have the capability to flag, count, or classify immature or abnormal hematopoietic cells of the blood, bone marrow, or other body fluids. us fda regulates automated differential cell counter under 21 cfr 864.5220 and under fda product code gkz.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated blood cell diluting apparatus. in this classification, an automated blood cell diluting apparatus is a fully automated or semi-automated device used to make appropriate dilutions of a blood sample for further testing. us fda regulates automated blood cell diluting apparatus under 21 cfr 864.5240 and under fda product code gkh.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated cell-locating device. in this classification, an automated cell-locating device is a device used to locate blood cells on a peripheral blood smear, allowing the operator to identify and classify each cell according to type. us fda regulates automated cell-locating device under 21 cfr 864.5260 and under fda product code joy.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. red cell indices device. in this classification, a red cell indices device, usually part of a larger system, calculates or directly measures the erythrocyte mean corpuscular volume (mcv), the mean corpuscular hemoglobin (mch), and the mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (mchc). us fda regulates red cell indices device under 21 cfr 864.5300 and under fda product code kqh.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. micro sedimentation centrifuge. in this classification, a amicrosedimentation centrifuge is a device used to sediment red cells for the microsedimentation rate test. us fda regulates microsedimentation centrifuge under 21 cfr 864.5350 and under fda product code ghk.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. coagulation instrument. in this classification, a coagulation instrument is an automated or semi automated device used to determine the onset of clot formation for in vitro coagulation studies. us fda regulates coagulation instrument under 21 cfr 864.5400 and under fda product code kqg.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies. in this classification, a multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies is a device consisting of one automated or semi automated instrument and its associated reagents and controls. the system is used to perform a series of coagulation studies and coagulation factor assays. us fda regulates multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies under 21 cfr 864.5425 and under fda product code jpa.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated hematocrit instrument. in this classification, an automated hematocrit instrument is a fully automated or semi-automated device which may or may not be part of a larger system. this device measures the packed red cell volume of a blood sample to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells). us fda regulates automated hematocrit instrument under 21 cfr 864.5600 and under fda product code gkf.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated hemoglobin system. in this classification, an automated hemoglobin system is a fully automated or semi-automated device which may or may not be part of a larger system. the generic type of device consists of the reagents, calibrators, controls, and instrumentation used to determine the hemoglobin content of human blood. us fda regulates automated hemoglobin system under 21 cfr 864.5620 and under fda product code gkr.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated heparin analyzer. in this classification, an automated heparin analyzer is a device used to determine the heparin level in a blood sample by mixing the sample with protamine (a heparin-neutralizing substance) and determining photometrically the onset of air-activated clotting. the analyzer also determines the amount of protamine necessary to neutralize the heparin in the patients circulation. us fda regulates automated heparin analyzer under 21 cfr 864.5680 and under fda product code jox.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated platelet aggregation system. in this classification, an automated platelet aggregation system is a device used to determine changes in platelet shape and platelet aggregation following the addition of an aggregating reagent to a platelet-rich plasma. us fda regulates automated platelet aggregation system under 21 cfr 864.5700 and under fda product code joz.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated sedimentation rate device. in this classification, an automated sedimentation rate device is an instrument that measures automatically the erythrocyte sedimentation rate in whole blood. because an increased sedimentation rate indicates tissue damage or inflammation, the erythrocyte sedimentation rate device is useful in monitoring treatment of a disease. us fda regulates automated sedimentation rate device under 21 cfr 864.5800 and under fda product code gkb.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated slide spinner. in this classification, an automated slide spinner is a device that prepares automatically a blood film on a microscope slide using a small amount of peripheral blood (blood circulating in one of the bodys extremities, such as the arm. us fda regulates automated slide spinner under 21 cfr 864.5850 and under fda product code gkj.. "
"automated and semi-automated hematology devices. in this classification these entries include largely automated devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood volume measuring device. in this classification, a blood volume measuring device is a manual, semi automated, or automated system that is used to calculate the red cell mass, plasma volume, and total blood volume. us fda regulates blood volume measuring device under 21 cfr 864.5950 and under fda product code jwo.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. . "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood bank supplies. in this classification, blood bank supplies are general purpose devices intended for in vitro use in blood banking. this generic type of device includes products such as blood bank pipettes, blood grouping slides, blood typing tubes, blood typing racks, and cold packs for antisera reagents. us fda regulates blood bank supplies under 21 cfr 864.9050 and under fda product code kss.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. empty container for the collection and processing of blood and blood components. in this classification, an empty container for the collection and processing of blood and blood components is a device intended for medical purposes that is an empty plastic bag or plastic or glass bottle used to collect, store, or transfer blood and blood components for further processing. us fda regulates empty container for the collection and processing of blood and blood components under 21 cfr 864.9100 and under fda product code ksr.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. vacuum-assisted blood collection system. in this classification, a vacuum-assisted blood collection system is a device intended for medical purposes that uses a vacuum to draw blood for subsequent reinfusion. us fda regulates vacuum-assisted blood collection system under 21 cfr 864.9125 and under fda product code kst.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. processing system for frozen blood. in this classification, a processing system for frozen blood is a device used to glycerolize red blood cells prior to freezing to minimize hemolysis (disruption of the red cell membrane accompanied by the release of hemoglobin) due to freezing and thawing of red blood cells and to deglycerolize and wash thawed cells for subsequent reinfusion. us fda regulates processing system for frozen blood under 21 cfr 864.9145 and under fda product code ksw.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood group substances of nonhuman origin for in vitro diagnostic use. in this classification, blood group substances of nonhuman origin for in vitro diagnostic use are materials, such as blood group specific substances prepared from nonhuman sources (e.g., pigs, cows, and horses) used to detect, identify, or neutralize antibodies to various human blood group antigens. us fda regulates blood group substances of nonhuman origin for in vitro diagnostic use under 21 cfr 864.9160 and under fda product code ksx.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated blood grouping and antibody test system. in this classification, an automated blood grouping and antibody test system is a device used to group erythrocytes (red blood cells) and to detect antibodies to blood group antigens. us fda regulates automated blood grouping and antibody test system under 21 cfr 864.9175 and under fda product code ksz.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood grouping view box. in this classification, a blood grouping view box is a device with a glass or plastic viewing surface, which may be illuminated and heated, that is used to view cell reactions in antigen-antibody testing. us fda regulates blood grouping view box under 21 cfr 864.9185 and under fda product code ksy.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood mixing devices and blood weighing devices. in this classification, a blood mixing device is a device intended for medical purposes that is used to mix blood or blood components by agitation. a blood weighing device is a device intended for medical purposes that is used to weigh blood or blood components as they are collected. us fda regulates blood mixing devices and blood weighing devices under 21 cfr 864.9195 and under fda product code ksq.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood and plasma warming device. in this classification, a no electromagnetic blood and plasma warming device is a device that warms blood or plasma, by means other than electromagnetic radiation, prior to administration. us fda regulates blood and plasma warming device under 21 cfr 864.9205 and under fda product code kzl.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. cell-freezing apparatus and reagents for in vitro diagnostic use. in this classification, cell-freezing apparatus and reagents for in vitro diagnostic use are devices used to freeze human red blood cells for in vitro diagnostic use. us fda regulates cell-freezing apparatus and reagents for in vitro diagnostic use under 21 cfr 864.9225 and under fda product code ksp.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated blood cell separator. in this classification, an automated blood cell separator is a device that uses a centrifugal or filtration separation principle to automatically withdraw whole blood from a donor, separate the whole blood into blood components, collect one or more of the blood components, and return to the donor the remainder of the whole blood and blood components. us fda regulates automated blood cell separator under 21 cfr 864.9245 and under fda product code gkt.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood bank centrifuge for in vitro diagnostic use. in this classification, a blood bank centrifuge for in vitro diagnostic use is a device used only to separate blood cells for further diagnostic testing. us fda regulates blood bank centrifuge for in vitro diagnostic use under 21 cfr 864.9275 and under fda product code kso.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated cell-washing centrifuge for immuno-hematology. in this classification, an automated cell-washing centrifuge for immuno-hematology is a device used to separate and prepare cells and sera for further in vitro diagnostic testing. us fda regulates automated cell-washing centrifuge for immuno-hematology under 21 cfr 864.9285 and under fda product code ksn.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. automated coombs test systems. in this classification, an automated coombs test system is a device used to detect and identify antibodies in patient sera or antibodies bound to red cells. the coombs test is used for the diagnosis of hemolytic disease of the newborn, and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. the test is also used in cross matching and in investigating transfusion reactions and drug-induced red cell sensitization. us fda regulates automated coombs test systems under 21 cfr 864.9300 and under fda product code ksm.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. copper sulfate solution for specific gravity determinations. in this classification, a copper sulfate solution for specific gravity determinations is a device used to determine whether the hemoglobin content of a potential donors blood meets the required level (12.5 grams per 100 milliliters of blood for women and 13.5 grams per 100 milliliters of blood for men). us fda regulates copper sulfate solution for specific gravity determinations under 21 cfr 864.9320 and under fda product code ksl.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. stabilized enzyme solution. in this classification, a stabilized enzyme solution is a reagent intended for medical purposes that is used to enhance the reactivity of red blood cells with certain antibodies, including antibodies that are not detectable by other techniques. these enzyme solutions include papain, bromelin, ficin, and trypsin. us fda regulates stabilized enzyme solution under 21 cfr 864.9400 and under fda product code ksk.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. lectins and protectins. in this classification, lectins and protectins are proteins derived from plants and lower animals that cause cell agglutination in the presence of certain antigens. these substances are used to detect blood group antigens for in vitro diagnostic purposes. us fda regulates lectins and protectins under 21 cfr 864.9550 and under fda product code ksi.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. environmental chamber for storage of platelet concentrate. in this classification, an environmental chamber for storage of platelet concentrate is a device used to hold platelet-rich plasma within a preselected temperature range. us fda regulates environmental chamber for storage of platelet concentrate under 21 cfr 864.9575 and under fda product code ksh.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. potentiating media for in vitro diagnostic use. in this classification, potentiating media for in vitro diagnostic use are media, such as bovine albumin, that are used to suspend red cells and to enhance cell reactions for antigen-antibody testing. us fda regulates potentiating media for in vitro diagnostic use under 21 cfr 864.96 and under fda product code ksg.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. quality control kit for blood banking reagents. in this classification, a quality control kit for blood banking reagents is a device that consists of sera, cells, buffers, and antibodies used to determine the specificity, potency, and reactivity of the cells and reagents used for blood banking. us fda regulates quality control kit for blood banking reagents under 21 cfr 864.9650 and under fda product code ksf.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. blood storage refrigerator and blood storage freezer. in this classification, a blood storage refrigerator and a blood storage freezer are devices intended for medical purposes that are used to preserve blood and blood products by storing them at cold or freezing temperatures. us fda regulates blood storage refrigerator and blood storage freezer under 21 cfr 864.9700 and under fda product code kse.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. heat-sealing device. in this classification, a heat-sealing device is a device intended for medical purposes that uses heat to seal plastic bags containing blood or blood components. us fda regulates heat-sealing device under 21 cfr 864.9750 and under fda product code ksd.. "
"blood bank processing products. in this classification these entries include devices used in blood manufacturing and hematological based laboratory procedures.. transfer set (blood/plasma). in this classification, a transfer set is a device intended for medical purposes that consists of a piece of tubing with suitable adaptors used to transfer blood or plasma from one container to another. us fda regulates transfer set (blood/plasma) under 21 cfr 864.9875 and under fda product code ksb.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. . "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. adenosine triphosphate release assay. in this classification an adenosine triphosphate release assay is a device that measures the release of adenosine triphosphate (atp) from platelets following aggregation. this measurement is made on platelet-rich plasma using a photometer and a luminescent firefly extract. simultaneous measurements of platelet aggregation and atp release are used to evaluate platelet function disorders us fda regulates adenosine triphosphate release assay under 21 cfr 864.7040 and under fda product code khf.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. antithrombin iii assay. in this classification an antithrombin iii assay is a device that is used to determine the plasma level of antithrombin iii (a substance which acts with the anticoagulant heparin to prevent coagulation). this determination is used to monitor the administration of heparin in the treatment of thrombosis us fda regulates antithrombin iii assay under 21 cfr 864.7060 and under fda product code jpe.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. red blood cell enzyme assay. in this classification a red blood cell enzyme assay is a device used to measure the activity in red blood cells of clinically important enzymatic reactions and their products, such as pyruvate kinase or 2,3-diphosphoglycerate us fda regulates red blood cell enzyme assay under 21 cfr 864.7100 and under fda product code lkz.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. activated whole blood clotting time tests. in this classification an activated whole blood clotting time tests is a device, used to monitor heparin therapy for the treatment of venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism by measuring the coagulation time of whole blood us fda regulates activated whole blood clotting time tests under 21 cfr 864.7140 and under fda product code jbp.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. erythropoietin assay. in this classification a erythropoietin assay is a device that measures the concentration of erythropoietin (an enzyme that regulates the production of red blood cells) in serum or urine. this assay provides diagnostic information for the evaluation of erythrocytosis (increased total red cell mass) and anemia us fda regulates erythropoietin assay under 21 cfr 864.7250 and under fda product code ggt.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. euglobulin lysis time tests. in this classification a euglobulin lysis time test is a device that measures the length of time required for the lysis (dissolution) of a clot formed from fibrinogen in the euglobulin fraction (that fraction of the plasma responsible for the formation of plasmin, a clot lysing enzyme) us fda regulates euglobulin lysis time tests under 21 cfr 864.7275 and under fda product code jbo.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. factor v leiden dna mutation detection systems. in this classification factor v leiden deoxyribonucleic acid (dna) mutation detection systems are devices that consist of different reagents and instruments which include polymerase chain reaction (pcr) primers, hybridization matrices, thermal cyclers, imagers, and software packages us fda regulates factor v leiden dna mutation detection systems under 21 cfr 864.7280 and under fda product code npq.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. factor deficiency test. in this classification a factor deficiency test is a device used to diagnose specific coagulation defects, to monitor certain types of therapy, to detect coagulation inhibitors, and to detect a carrier state (a person carrying both a recessive gene for a coagulation factor deficiency such as hemophilia and the corresponding normal gene) us fda regulates factor deficiency test under 21 cfr 864.7290and under fda product code ggp.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. fibrin monomer paracoagulation test. in this classification a fibrin monomer paracoagulation test is a device used to detect fibrin monomer in the diagnosis of disseminated intravascular coagulation (non localized clotting within a blood vessel) or in the differential diagnosis between disseminated intravascular coagulation and primary fibrinolysis (dissolution of the fibrin in a blood clot) us fda regulates fibrin monomer para coagulation test under 21 cfr 864.7300 and under fda product code jbm.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products assay. in this classification a fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products assay is a device used to detect and measure fibrinogen degradation products and fibrin degradation products (protein fragments produced by the enzymatic action of plasmin on fibrinogen and fibrin) as an aid in detecting the presence and degree of intravascular coagulation and fibrinolysis (the dissolution of the fibrin in a blood clot) and in monitoring therapy for disseminated intravascular coagulation (non localized clotting in the blood vessels) us fda regulates fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products assay under 21 cfr 864.7320 and under fda product code mif.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. fibrinogen determination system. in this classification a fibrinogen determination system is a device that consists of the instruments, reagents, standards, and controls used to determine the fibrinogen levels in disseminated intravascular coagulation (non localized clotting within the blood vessels) and primary fibrinolysis (the dissolution of fibrin in a blood clot) us fda regulates fibrinogen determination system under 21 cfr 864.734 and under fda product code kqj.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. erythrocytic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase assay. in this classification an erythrocytic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase assay is a device used to measure the activity of the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase or of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase isoenzymes. the results of this assay are used in the diagnosis and treatment of nonspherocytic congenital hemolytic anemia or drug-induced hemolytic anemia associated with a glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency. this generic device includes assays based on fluorescence, electrophoresis, methemoglobin reduction, catalase inhibition, and ultraviolet kinetics us fda regulates erythrocytic glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase assay under 21 cfr 864.736 and under fda product code jbi.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. glutathione reductase assay. in this classification a glutathione reductase assay is a device used to determine the activity of the enzyme glutathione reductase in serum, plasma, or erythrocytes by such techniques as fluorescence and photometry. the results of this assay are used in the diagnosis of liver disease, glutathione reductase deficiency, or riboflavin deficiency us fda regulates glutathione reductase assay under 21 cfr 864.7375 and under fda product code kqf.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. hemoglobin a2assay. in this classification a hemoglobin a2 assay is a device used to determine the hemoglobin a2 content of human blood. the measurement of hemoglobin a2 is used in the diagnosis of the thalassemias (hereditary hemolytic anemias characterized by decreased synthesis of one or more types of hemoglobin polypeptide chains) us fda regulates hemoglobin a2assay under 21 cfr 864.7400 and under fda product code lgl.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. abnormal hemoglobin assay. in this classification an abnormal hemoglobin assay is a device consisting of the reagents, apparatus, instrumentation, and controls necessary to isolate and identify abnormal genetically determined hemoglobin types us fda regulates abnormal hemoglobin assay under 21 cfr 864.7415 and under fda product code gka.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. carboxyhemoglobin assay. in this classification a carboxyhemoglobin assay is a device used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin (the compound formed when hemoglobin is exposed to carbon monoxide) content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning. this measurement may be made using methods such as spectroscopy, colorimetry, spectrophotometry, and gasometry us fda regulates carboxyhemoglobin assay under 21 cfr 864.7425 and under fda product code lgl.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. electrophoretic hemoglobin analysis system. in this classification an electrophoretic hemoglobin analysis system is a device that electrophoretically separates and identifies normal and abnormal hemoglobin types as an aid in the diagnosis of anemia or erythrocytosis (increased total red cell mass) due to a hemoglobin abnormality us fda regulates electrophoretic hemoglobin analysis system under 21 cfr 864.7440 and under fda product code oox.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. fetal hemoglobin assay. in this classification a fetal hemoglobin assay is a device that is used to determine the presence and distribution of fetal hemoglobin (hemoglobin f) in red cells or to measure the amount of fetal hemoglobin present. the assay may be used to detect fetal red cells in the maternal circulation or to detect the elevated levels of fetal hemoglobin exhibited in cases of hemoglobin abnormalities such as thalassemia (a hereditary hemolytic anemia characterized by a decreased synthesis of one or more types of hemoglobin polypeptide chains). the hemoglobin determination may be made by methods such as electrophoresis, alkali denaturation, column chromatography, or radial immunodiffusion us fda regulates fetal hemoglobin assay under 21 cfr 864.7455 and under fda product code kqi.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. glycosylated hemoglobin assay. in this classification a glycosylated hemoglobin assay is a device used to measure the glycosylated hemoglobins (a1a, a1b, and a1c) in a patients blood by a column chromatographic procedure. measurement of glycosylated hemoglobin is used to assess the level of control of a patients diabetes and to determine the proper insulin dosage for a patient. elevated levels of glycosylated hemoglobin indicate uncontrolled diabetes in a patient us fda regulates glycosylated hemoglobin assay under 21 cfr 864.7470 and under fda product code lcp.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. sulfhemoglobin assay. in this classification a sulfhemoglobin assay is a device consisting of the reagents, calibrators, controls, and instrumentation used to determine the sulfhemoglobin (a compound of sulfur and hemoglobin) content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of sulfhemoglobinemia (presence of sulfhemoglobin in the blood due to drug administration or exposure to a poison). this measurement may be made using methods such as spectroscopy, colorimetry, spectrophotometry, or gasometry us fda regulates sulfhemoglobin assay under 21 cfr 864.7490 and under fda product code gka.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. whole blood hemoglobin assays. in this classification a whole blood hemoglobin assay is a device consisting or reagents, calibrators, controls, or photometric or spectrophotometric instrumentation used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia. this generic device category does not include automated hemoglobin systems us fda regulates whole blood hemoglobin assays under 21 cfr 864.7500 and under fda product code khg.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. heparin assay. in this classification a heparin assay is a device used to determine the level of the anticoagulant heparin in the patients circulation. these assays are quantitative clotting time procedures using the effect of heparin on activated coagulation factor x (stuart factor) or procedures based on the neutralization of heparin by protamine sulfate (a protein that neutralizes heparin) us fda regulates heparin assay under 21 cfr 864.7525 and under fda product code kff.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. leukocyte alkaline phosphatase test. in this classification a leukocyte alkaline phosphatase test is a device used to identify the enzyme leukocyte alkaline phosphatase in neutrophilic granulocytes (granular leukocytes stainable by neutral dyes). the cytochemical identification of alkaline phosphatase depends on the formation of blue granules in cells containing alkaline phosphatase. us fda regulates leukocyte alkaline phosphatase test under 21 cfr 864.7660 and under fda product code ghd.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. leukocyte peroxidase test. in this classification a leukocyte peroxidase test is a device used to distinguish certain myeloid cells derived from the bone marrow, i.e., neutrophils, eosinophils, and monocytes, from lymphoid cells of the lymphatic system and erythroid cells of the red blood cell series on the basis of their peroxidase activity as evidenced by staining us fda regulates leukocyte peroxidase test under 21 cfr 864.7675 and under fda product code gia.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. platelet factor 4 radioimmunoassay. in this classification a platelet factor 4 radioimmunoassay is a device used to measure the level of platelet factor 4, a protein released during platelet activation by radioimmunoassay. this device measures platelet activiation, which may indicate a coagulation disorder, such as myocardial infarction or coronary artery disease us fda regulates platelet factor 4 radioimmunoassay under 21 cfr 864.7695 and under fda product code lco.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. prothrombin consumption test. in this classification a\u00a0prothrombin consumption tests is a device that measures the patients capacity to generate thromboplastin in the coagulation process. the test also is an indirect indicator of qualitative or quantitative platelet abnormalities us fda regulates prothrombin consumption test under 21 cfr 864.7720 and under fda product code mif.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. prothrombin-proconvertin test and thrombotest. in this classification a prothrombin-proconvertin test and thrombotest are devices used in the regulation of coumarin therapy (administration of a coumarin anticoagulant such as sodium warfarin in the treatment of venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and as a diagnostic test in conjunction with, or in place of, the quick prothrombin time test to detect coagulation disorders us fda regulates prothrombin-proconvertin test and thrombotest under 21 cfr 864.7735 and under fda product code jpf.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. prothrombin time test. in this classification a prothrombin time test is a device used as a general screening procedure for the detection of possible clotting factor deficiencies in the extrinsic coagulation pathway, which involves the reaction between coagulation factors iii and vii, and to monitor patients receiving coumarin therapy (the administration of one of the coumarin anticoagulants in the treatment of venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism) us fda regulates prothrombin time test under 21 cfr 864.7750 and under fda product code gjs.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. sickle cell test. in this classification a sickle cell test is a device used to determine the sickle cell hemoglobin content of human blood to detect sickle cell trait or sickle cell diseases us fda regulates sickle cell test under 21 cfr 864.7825 and under fda product code ghm.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. thrombin time test. in this classification a thrombin time test is a device used to measure fibrinogen concentration and detect fibrin or fibrinogen split products for the evaluation of bleeding disorders us fda regulates thrombin time test under 21 cfr 864.7875 and under fda product code gja.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. thromboplastin generation test. in this classification a thromboplastin generation test is a device used to detect and identify coagulation factor deficiencies and coagulation inhibitors us fda regulates thromboplastin generation test under 21 cfr 864.7900 and under fda product code gkq.. "
"hematology kits and packages. in this classification these entries include kits and packages used in hematological based laboratory procedures.. partial thromboplastin time tests. in this classification a partial thromboplastin time test is a device used for primary screening for coagulation abnormalities, for evaluation of the effect of therapy on procoagulant disorders, and as an assay for coagulation factor deficiencies of the intrinsic coagulation pathway us fda regulates partial thromboplastin time tests under 21 cfr 864.7925 and under fda product code gfo.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. . "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. bothrops atrox reagent. in this classification a bothrops atrox reagent is a device made from snake venom and used to determine blood fibrinogen levels to aid in the evaluation of disseminated intravascular coagulation (non localized clotting in the blood vessels) in patients receiving heparin therapy (the administration of the anticoagulant heparin in the treatment of thrombosis) or as an aid in the classification of dysfibrinogenemia (presence in the plasma of functionally defective fibrinogen) us fda regulates bothrops atrox reagent under 21 cfr 864.8100 and under fda product code jco.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. calibrator for cell indices. in this classification a calibrator for cell indices is a device that approximates whole blood or certain blood cells and that is used to set an instrument intended to measure mean cell volume (mcv), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (mch), and mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (mchc), or other cell indices us fda regulates calibrator for cell indices under 21 cfr 864.8150 and under fda product code krx.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. calibrator for hemoglobin or hematocrit measurement. in this classification a calibrator for hemoglobin or hematocrit measurement is a device that approximates whole blood, red blood cells, or a hemoglobin derivative and that is used to set instruments intended to measure hemoglobin, the hematocrit, or both. it is a material whose characteristics have been precisely and accurately determined us fda regulates calibrator for hemoglobin or hematocrit measurement under 21 cfr 864.8165 and under fda product code krz.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. calibrator for platelet counting. in this classification a calibrator for platelet counting is a device that resembles platelets in plasma or whole blood and that is used to set a platelet counting instrument. it is a suspension of particles or cells whose size, shape concentration, and other characteristics have been precisely and accurately determined us fda regulates calibrator for platelet counting under 21 cfr 864.8175 and under fda product code kry.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. calibrator for red cell and white cell counting. in this classification a calibrator for red cell and white cell counting is a device that resembles red or white blood cells and that is used to set instruments intended to count red cells, white cells, or both. it is a suspension of particles or cells whose size, shape, concentration, and other characteristics have been precisely and accurately determined us fda regulates calibrator for red cell and white cell counting under 21 cfr 864.8185 and under fda product code ksa.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. blood cell diluent. in this classification a blood cell diluent is a device used to dilute blood for further testing, such as blood cell counting us fda regulates blood cell diluent under 21 cfr 864.8200 and under fda product code gif.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. lymphocyte separation medium. in this classification a lymphocyte separation medium is a device used to isolate lymphocytes from whole blood us fda regulates lymphocyte separation medium under 21 cfr 864.8500 and under fda product code jcf.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. red cell lysing reagent. in this classification a red cell lysing reagent is a device used to lyse (destroy) red blood cells for hemoglobin determinations or aid in the counting of white blood cells us fda regulates red cell lysing reagent under 21 cfr 864.8540 and under fda product code ggk.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. hematology quality control mixture. in this classification a hematology quality control mixture is a device used to ascertain the accuracy and precision of manual, semi automated, and automated determinations of cell parameters such as white cell count (wbc), red cell count (rbc), platelet count (plt), hemoglobin, hematocrit (hct), mean corpuscular volume (mcv), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (mch), and mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (mchc) us fda regulates hematology quality control mixture under 21 cfr 864.8625 and under fda product code jpk.. "
"hematology reagents. in this classification, these entries connote the reagents used in association with hematological laboratory procedures.. russell viper venom reagent. in this classification a russell viper venom reagent is a device used to determine the cause of an increase in the prothrombin time us fda regulates russell viper venom reagent under 21 cfr 864.8950 and under fda product code gir.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. . "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. bleeding time device. in this classification, bleeding time device connotes a device used to usually employing two spring-loaded blades, that produces two small incisions in the patients skin. the length of time required for the bleeding to stop is a measure of the effectiveness of the coagulation system, primarily the platelets. us fda regulates bleeding time device under 21 cfr 864.6100 and under fda product code jca.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. capillary blood collection tube. in this classification, capillary blood collection tube connotes a device used to as a plain or heparinized glass tube of very small diameter used to collect blood by capillary action. us fda regulates capillary blood collection tube under 21 cfr 864.6150 and under fda product code gio.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. manual blood cell counting device. in this classification, manual blood cell counting device connotes a device used to count red blood cells, white blood cells, or blood platelets. us fda regulates manual blood cell counting device under 21 cfr 864.6160 and under fda product code gkm.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. hematocrit measuring device. in this classification, hematocrit measuring device connotes a system consisting of instruments, tubes, racks, and a sealer and a holder. the device is used to measure the packed red cell volume in blood to determine whether the patients total red cell volume is normal or abnormal. abnormal states include anemia (an abnormally low total red cell volume) and erythrocytosis (an abnormally high total red cell mass). the packed red cell volume is produced by centrifuging a given volume of blood. us fda regulates hematocrit measuring device under 21 cfr 864.6400 and under fda product code jpi.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. occult blood test. in this classification, occult blood test connotes a device used to detect occult blood in urine or feces. occult blood is blood present in such small quantities that it can be detected only by chemical tests of suspected material, or by microscopic or spectroscopic examination. us fda regulates occult blood test under 21 cfr 864.6550 and under fda product code oox.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. osmotic fragility test. in this classification, osmotic fragility test connotes a device used to determine the resistance of red blood cells to hemolysis (destruction) in varying concentrations of hypotonic saline solutions. us fda regulates osmotic fragility test under 21 cfr 864.6600 and under fda product code gke.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. platelet adhesion test. in this classification, platelet adhesion test connotes a device used to determine in vitro platelet function. us fda regulates platelet adhesion test under 21 cfr 864.6650 and under fda product code jbz.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. platelet aggregometer. in this classification, platelet aggregometer connotes a device used to determine changes in platelet shape and platelet aggregation following the addition of an aggregating reagent to a platelet rich plasma. us fda regulates platelet aggregometer under 21 cfr 864.6675 and under fda product code jbx.. "
"manual hematology devices. in this classification, these entries connote the devices used in association with manual hemotogical laboratory procedures.. erythrocyte sedimentation rate test. in this classification, erythrocyte sedimentation rate test connotes a device used to measure the length of time required for the red cells in a blood sample to fall a specified distance or a device that measures the degree of sedimentation taking place in a given length of time. an increased rate indicates tissue damage or inflammation. us fda regulates erythrocyte sedimentation rate test under 21 cfr 864.6700 and under fda product code jph.. "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. . "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. packed red blood cells for transfusion. red blood haemoglobin cell concentrate. "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. human platelet concentrate. cellular component of whole blood. "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. human granulocyte or white blood cell concentrate. granulocytes are white blood cells that fight infection through the immune response. they are obtained through donations via apheresis.. "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. fresh frozen plasma. plasma is the yellowish liquid portion of whole blood that contains all clotting factors.. it is administered to treat bleeding disorders. plasma extracted within 18 hours of donation is \"fresh\", but is then frozen to allow a 12 month shelf life.. "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. cryoprecipitate. plasma derived concentrate of fibrogen, fibronectin and clotting factors.. "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. plasma derivatives or isolated clotting factors. cryopoor plasma, factors 8, 9,. "
"processed blood products for transfusion. includes human whole blood or fractionated portions processed for administration to recipients with hemodynamic needs for fluid resuscitation or supplementation of depleted stores.. human whole blood. human blood drawn directly from the body from which none of the components, such as plasma or platelets, has been removed. whole blood is given through donation from one human to be administered to one of more recipients. whole blood consists of red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets suspended in a plasma.. "
