"prepared soups and stews. . "
"prepared soups and stews. fresh prepared soups or stews. "
"prepared soups and stews. frozen prepared soups or stews. "
"prepared soups and stews. shelf stable prepared soups or stews. "
"snack foods. . "
"snack foods. crisps or chips or pretzels or mixes. "
"snack foods. nuts or dried fruits. "
"snack foods. dried or processed meats. "
"snack foods. popped corn. "
"snack foods.  dried shellfish and fish fillet. a food that is seasoned and processed or dried by changing the original form of fish or shellfish.. "
"desserts and dessert toppings. . "
"desserts and dessert toppings. prepared desserts. "
"desserts and dessert toppings. dessert toppings. "
"desserts and dessert toppings. flavored ices or ice cream or ice cream desserts or frozen yogurts. "
"desserts and dessert toppings. edible ice cream cups or cones. "
"jams and jellies and nut and sweet spreads and fruit conserves. . "
"jams and jellies and nut and sweet spreads and fruit conserves. jams or jellies or fruit preserves. "
"jams and jellies and nut and sweet spreads and fruit conserves. nut or mixed spreads. "
"jams and jellies and nut and sweet spreads and fruit conserves. honey. "
"jams and jellies and nut and sweet spreads and fruit conserves. gelatin or jelly crystals. "
"jams and jellies and nut and sweet spreads and fruit conserves.  processed royal jelly food. a type of food which has the raw royal jelly or main raw material in raw royal jelly for easy consumption by processing with liquid, paste, powder, granule, tablet, capsule and others.. "
"jams and jellies and nut and sweet spreads and fruit conserves.  mooks or acorn starch jelly. a type of food which has the main raw materials in starchy or polysaccharide from acorns, grains, pulses, root and tuber crops, sea algaes, root vegetables and others to make solid shape or molded shape.. "
"sandwiches and filled rolls. . "
"sandwiches and filled rolls. fresh sandwiches or filled rolls. "
"sandwiches and filled rolls. frozen sandwiches or filled rolls. "
"sandwiches and filled rolls. fresh sandwich fillers. "
"sandwiches and filled rolls. frozen sandwich fillers. "
"prepared side dishes. . "
"prepared side dishes. fresh prepared potatoes or rice or pasta or stuffing. "
"prepared side dishes. frozen prepared potatoes or rice or pasta or stuffing. "
"prepared side dishes. shelf stable prepared potatoes or rice or pasta or stuffing. "
"packaged combination meals. . "
"packaged combination meals. fresh combination meals. "
"packaged combination meals. frozen combination meals. "
"packaged combination meals. shelf stable combination meals. "
"savory pies and quiches and pasties. . "
"savory pies and quiches and pasties. fresh savory pies or quiches or pasties. "
"savory pies and quiches and pasties. frozen savory pies or quiches or pasties. "
"savory pies and quiches and pasties. shelf stable savory pies or quiches or pasties. "
"plain pasta and noodles. . "
"plain pasta and noodles. fresh plain pasta or noodles. "
"plain pasta and noodles. shelf stable plain pasta or noodles. "
"infant foods and beverages. . "
"infant foods and beverages. infant foods. "
"infant foods and beverages. infant beverages. "
"instant mixes and supplies. . "
"instant mixes and supplies. instant snack mixes. "
"instant mixes and supplies. dessert mix. "
"instant mixes and supplies. gravy mix. "
"instant mixes and supplies. soup bases. "
"instant mixes and supplies. batter or breading mixes. "
"instant mixes and supplies.  instant purees. prepared purees from various vegetables of grains that have been dehydrated and packaged for future use. "
"instant mixes and supplies.  instant mashed potatoes. prepared mashed potatoes that have been dehydrated and packaged for future use. "
"instant mixes and supplies.  instant paps. prepared paps from various vegetables or grains that have been dehydrated and packaged for future use. "
"prepared salads. . "
"prepared salads. fresh prepared salads. "
"prepared salads. frozen prepared salads. "
"prepared salads. shelf stable prepared salads. "
"flour tortillas. class of thin flatbreads made from finely ground wheat flour or corn flour.. . "
"flour tortillas. class of thin flatbreads made from finely ground wheat flour or corn flour.. corn or maize tortilla. a prepared food made with dough that is flattened into a circular shape.  ingredient is corn or cornmeal. "
"flour tortillas. class of thin flatbreads made from finely ground wheat flour or corn flour.. wheat tortilla. a prepared food made with dough that is flattened into a circular shape.  ingredient is wheat flour.. "
"food baskets. a food basket corresponds to a box or basket containing various foods. they can be used as gifts, in commemorations, or as benefit to employees.. . "
"food baskets. a food basket corresponds to a box or basket containing various foods. they can be used as gifts, in commemorations, or as benefit to employees.. basic food basket. a basic selection of standard food types, fresh or processed, packaged in a box or basket for delivery.. "
