"basic steels. basic steels are made of iron, with a low content of carbon. . "
"basic steels. basic steels are made of iron, with a low content of carbon. e24-2 or a37-2 steel. basic steel, with the following main characteristics: c < 0,18 %, p < 0,50 %, s < 0,50 %, balance = fe + minor metallurgical pollutions. one of the most common basic irons used in the construction industry.. "
"stainless steel alloys. stainless steel alloys main property is to resist various forms of corrosion. . "
"stainless steel alloys. stainless steel alloys main property is to resist various forms of corrosion. stainless steel alloy 304. a type of stainless steel alloy with the following main characteristics: cr 17,00 to 19,00 percent, ni 8,00 to 10,00 percent, balance equals fe + minor metallurgical pollutions. this commodity is probably the most common stainless steel used in industries to protect parts from moist corrosion. "
"stainless steel alloys. stainless steel alloys main property is to resist various forms of corrosion. stainless steel alloy 304l. a type of stainless steel alloy with the following main characteristics: cr 18,00 to 20,00 percent, ni 10,00 to 12,00 percent, balance equals fe + minor metallurgical pollutions. this commodity matches a stainless steel quality used to manufacture some parts like forks and knives.. "
"stainless steel alloys. stainless steel alloys main property is to resist various forms of corrosion. stainless steel alloy 316. a type of stainless steel alloy with the following main characteristics: cr 16,50 to 18,50 percent, ni 10,00 to 13,00 percent, mo 02,00 to 02,50 percent, balance equals fe + minor metallurgical pollutions. this stainless steel enables protection against moisture and heat corrosion.. "
"stainless steel alloys. stainless steel alloys main property is to resist various forms of corrosion. ferro nickel alloy. ferro nickel is a stainless steel based alloy. "
"high speed steels. high speed steels are used to manufacture tools, thanks to their high resistance to friction. . "
"high speed steels. high speed steels are used to manufacture tools, thanks to their high resistance to friction. z90wdcv6542 or m2 high speed steel. high speed steel alloy, with the following main characteristics: w 6,40 %, mo 5 %, cr 4,20 %, v 1,80 %, c 0,9 %, balance = fe + minor metallurgical pollutions. "
"high speed steels. high speed steels are used to manufacture tools, thanks to their high resistance to friction. z90wdkcv65542 or m35 high speed steel. high speed steel alloy, with the following main characteristics: w 6,40 %, mo 5 %, co 4,80%, cr 4,20 %, v 1,80 %, c 0,93 %, balance = fe + minor metallurgical pollutions. "
"nickel based super alloys. nickel-based super alloys have nickel as their main metal contained. . "
"nickel based super alloys. nickel-based super alloys have nickel as their main metal contained. inconel 600 super alloy. nickel-based alloy, with the following main characteristics: ni 72,00 % min., cr 14,00 to 17,00 %, fe 6,00 to 10,00 %, balance = minor metallurgical pollutions. this alloy is suitable for high temperature applications where corrosion resistance is important. frequently used for heat-treating baskets.. "
"titanium based super alloys. titanium-based super alloys have titanium as their main metal contained. . "
"titanium based super alloys. titanium-based super alloys have titanium as their main metal contained. ta6v super alloy. titanium-based alloy, with the following main characteristics: al 06,00 %, v 04,00 %, balance = ti + minor metallurgical pollutions. this alloy is mainly used in the aircraft industry.. "
"aluminum based alloys. aluminium-based alloys have aluminium as their main metal contained. . "
"aluminum based alloys. aluminium-based alloys have aluminium as their main metal contained. aluminum alloy 7178. aluminum based alloy with the following main characteristics: zn 6,30 to 7,30 percent, mg 2,40 to 3,10 percent, cu 1,60 to 2,40 percent, fe 1,00 percent, balance equals al + minor metallurgical pollutions. alloy 7178 is a high strength alloy with magnesium and copper as the major alloying elements. it is heat treatable and develops improved mechanical properties from precipitation hardening.. "
"aluminum based alloys. aluminium-based alloys have aluminium as their main metal contained. aluminum remelt. aluminum product consisting of aluminum pieces that have been remelted into specific shapes. the fact that they have been melted twice differentiates them from regular aluminum products. "
"aluminum based alloys. aluminium-based alloys have aluminium as their main metal contained. aluminum iron alloy. an alloy consisting of a blend of aluminum and iron.. "
"cobalt based super alloys. cobalt-based super alloys have cobalt as their main metal contained. . "
"cobalt based super alloys. cobalt-based super alloys have cobalt as their main metal contained. pygmalion or 846 alloy. cobalt-based alloy, with the following main characteristics: co 64,00 %, cr 28,50 %, mo 6,00 %, balance = minor metallurgical pollutions. "
"magnesium based alloys. magnesium based alloys are used to improve properties of metals such as aluminum. . "
"magnesium based alloys. magnesium based alloys are used to improve properties of metals such as aluminum. magnesium aluminum alloy. a magnesium alloy used to improve the fabrication property of aluminum. "
"manganese based alloys. manganese based alloys produced and traded in the market. . "
"manganese based alloys. manganese based alloys produced and traded in the market. ferro manganese alloy. a manganese based alloy traded as a commodity. "
"manganese based alloys. manganese based alloys produced and traded in the market. med carbon ferro manganese alloy. a type of manganese based alloy traded as a commodity. "
"manganese based alloys. manganese based alloys produced and traded in the market. silicon manganese alloy. a type of manganese based alloy traded as a commodity. "
"manganese based alloys. manganese based alloys produced and traded in the market. low carbon ferro manganese alloy. a type of manganese based alloy traded as a commodity. "
