"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. . "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. coping machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. drilling machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. broaching machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. bending machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. boring machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. grinding machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. molding machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. cutting machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. sanding machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. polishing machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. turning machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. sawing machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. milling machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. planing machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. engraving machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. glass bead peener machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. grit blast machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. shot peen machine. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. robot machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. ram electro discharge machines. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. wire cathode electrode discharge machine. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like. chip breaker. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  oscillating spindle sander. a sander mounted on a rotating spindle, but also moves up and down at the same time.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  drum sander. a large sander that uses a rotating sanding drum.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  glue roller spreader. a machine used for joining plywood sheets or similar wood products by roller coating single boards or planks with adhesive material consistently.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  dovetail machine. a type of woodworking machinery used to cut dovetail shaped grooves in wood.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  combination woodworking machine. a type of woodworking machinery that combines the functions of two or more separate machines into a single unit.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  tenoner or tenoning machine. a machine that makes four angled protrusions --called tenons-- at the end of the wood material for linking square timber.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  cold press. a type of wood laminating machine that uses pressure rather than heat to join glued sheets of wood.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  edge bander. a type of woodworking machine applies hot melt adhesive backed edge banding to straight edges of panels or planks of wood.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  finger jointing machine. a type of woodworking machine that cuts multiple widths or fingers into the workpiece for joining together with glue another workpiece that is similarly cut.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  dowel machine. a type of woodworking machinery that produces dowel rods. it does so by employing interchangeable cutting heads of varying diameters, thus enabling the machine to be quickly retooled to manufacture different diameters of dowel. each head consists of a hollow chuck with cutting knives protruding inward, through which the wood passes as the knives cut it into cylindrical shape.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  belt and disc sander. a machine that is used for woodwork that combines the functions of disc sander and belt sander.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  woodworking jointer. a machine that is used to trim a side of lumber in order to create a flat surface on one edge of a board.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  gaining machine. this machine aims at perforating wood to prepare the places where dowels are put for the joints of several types of furniture. in this case it is used to make a hole where the door lock is to be placed.. "
"machinery for working wood and stone and ceramic and the like.  machine to make wood music instruments. equipment that cuts, polishes and makes perforations in the development of wood music instruments.. "
