"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. . "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. dry cleaning plant construction and remodeling service. the building and remodeling of dry cleaning plants owned by others. "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. food product manufacturing or packing plant construction and remodeling service. the building and remodeling of food product or packing plants owned by others. "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. grain elevator construction and remodeling service. the building and remodeling of grain elevators owned by others. "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. paper or pulp mill construction and remodeling service. the building and remodeling of paper or pulp mills owned by others. "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. pharmaceutical manufacturing plant construction and remodeling service. the building and remodeling of pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities owned by others. "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. prefabricated industrial building erection and remodeling service. the building and remodeling of prefabricated industrial buildings owned by others. "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. truck and automobile assembly plant constructionand remodeling service. the building and remodeling oftruck and automobile assembly plants owned by others. "
"new industrial building and warehouse construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of industrial building and warehouses ofvarious types owned by others. warehouse construction and remodeling service. the building and remodeling of warehouses owned by others. "
"commercial and office building construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of commercial and office buildings of various types owned by others. . "
"commercial and office building construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of commercial and office buildings of various types owned by others. commercial and office building new construction service. the building of commercial and office buildings, owned by others. "
"commercial and office building construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of commercial and office buildings of various types owned by others. commercial and office building prefabricated erection service. the building of prefabricated commercial and office buildings owned by others. "
"commercial and office building construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of commercial and office buildings of various types owned by others. commercial and office building renovation and repair service. the remodeling and repair of commercial and office buildings owned by others. "
"commercial and office building construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of commercial and office buildings of various types owned by others. restaurant construction service. the building of restaurants owned by others. "
"commercial and office building construction services. the building, remodeling and repair of commercial and office buildings of various types owned by others. shopping center and mall construction service. the building of shopping centers and malls owned by others. "
"agricultural building construction services. the building of agricultural buildings owned by others. . "
"agricultural building construction services. the building of agricultural buildings owned by others. farm building construction service. the building of farm buildings owned by others. "
"agricultural building construction services. the building of agricultural buildings owned by others. greenhouse construction service. the building of greenhouses owned by others. "
"agricultural building construction services. the building of agricultural buildings owned by others. silo and agricultural service building construction service. the building of silos and agricultural service buildings owned by others. "
"automotive garage and service station construction services. the building of automotive garages and service stations, owned by others. . "
"automotive garage and service station construction services. the building of automotive garages and service stations, owned by others. automotive garage construction service. the building of garages owned by others. "
"automotive garage and service station construction services. the building of automotive garages and service stations, owned by others. automotive service station construction service. the building of service stations owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. . "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. bank building construction service. the building of banks owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. fire station construction service. the building of fire stations owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. hospital construction service. the building of hospitals owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. post office construction service. the building of post offices owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. religious building construction service. the building of religious buildings owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. school building construction service. the building of school buildings owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. mausoleum construction service. the building of mausoleums owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. stadium construction service. the building of stadiums owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. public library construction. the building of public libraries owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. airport terminal and hanger construction. the building of airport terminals and hangars owned by others. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. convention facility construction service. construction of exhibition halls, auditoriums, theaters, museums, and others.. "
"specialized public building construction services. the building of specialized public buildings owned by others. bus station construction service. construction of bus station. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. . "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. chemical plant construction service. the building of chemical plants owned by others. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. mine loading and discharging station construction service. the building of mine loading and discharging stations, owned by others. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. oil refinery construction service. the building of oil refineries owned by others. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. waste disposal plant construction service. the building of waste disposal plants owned by others. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. waste water and sewage treatment plant construction service. the building of water and sewage treatment plants owned by others. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. power plant construction service. the building of power plants owned by others. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. tank construction and servicing. the construction and servicing of tanks owned by others.. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. preparation plant construction service. construction of plants used to clean coal prior to shipment.. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. underground electrical services. electrical service work conducted underground.. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. floating oil and gas production storage and offloading system construction service. service to build floating production storage and offloading facilities aka fpsos, a moored ship shaped facility capable of producing oil from subsea wells and storing and offloading the oil into shuttle tankers. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. offshore oil and gas production facility hookup and commissioning service. service to prepare and commission an offshore oil and gas facility for operation, commencing immediately after the facility is mechanically installed through handover to production operations. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. offshore oil and gas production facility equipment installation and integration service. service to mechanically install offshore oil and gas production facilities including piles, anchors, gravity based structures, mooring systems, jackets, towers, hulls, production or storage vessels, topsides, well head platforms, living quarter modules, bridges, and flare booms. includes quayside integration of top sides to a hull.. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. oil and gas plant modular fabrication service. service to fabricate process modules for onshore oil and gas plants. excludes procurement of single process skids and equipment packages. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. oil and gas production platform and topside fabrication service. service to fabricate offshore oil and gas production topsides, well head platforms, living quarters modules and associated structures including flare booms and bridges. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. floating oil and gas production system hull fabrication service. service to convert and re purpose existing hulls, or fabricate new hulls, for use in building floating production storage and offloading fpso vessels, including both ship shaped and non ship shaped hulls, and floating oil and gas production systems fps, including semi submersible, tension leg platform, spar and mindoc configurations. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. fixed oil and gas offshore production facilities fabrication service. service to fabricate or construct jackets, compliant towers and gravity based structures for use in fixed platform oil and gas production facilities. includes fabrication of piles. "
"industrial plant construction services. the building of industrial plants owned by others. liquid natural gas lng plant construction service. the building of liquid natural gas lng plants owned by others. "
