"market research. . "
"market research. marketing analysis. "
"market research. distributive or service trade statistics. "
"market research. commodity price forecasting. "
"market research. preparation of commodity market surveys. "
"market research. marketing plans. "
"market research. internet based market research. "
"market research. consumer based research or clinics or focus groups. "
"market research. syndicated or proprietary forecast studies. "
"market research. market intelligence or competitive analysis. "
"market research. market research telephone surveys. "
"market research. market research paper surveys. "
"market research. market research on location surveys. "
"market research. market research one on one interviews. "
"market research. market research mail surveys. "
"market research.  subscription market research. research about on-going market data, analysis, forecasts, latest developments, thinking, tools and techniques. includes as well a forum for discussion and debate, access to articles written by leading researchers and thinkers. the research results are often packaged and made available for sale to multiple client companies.. "
"market research.  non subscription market research service. contract analyst time and effort, sale of event tickets, rights to research and other miscellaneous market research related engagements.. "
"market research.  custom market research. customized quantitative and qualitative marketing research, focus groups, surveys and analysis market research solutions. market research that is tailored to a specific company needs.. "
"market research.  comparative business benchmarking service. the practice of comparing business processes and performance metrics to industry bests and best practices from other companies. for example, compensation between or in a particular industry.  can be used for other metrics where industry comparison is required.. "
"sales and business promotion activities. . "
"sales and business promotion activities. sales promotion services. "
"sales and business promotion activities. telemarketing. "
"sales and business promotion activities. branding of product naming services. "
"sales and business promotion activities. promotional merchandising service. "
"sales and business promotion activities. direct marketing fulfillment. "
"sales and business promotion activities. events management. "
"sales and business promotion activities. sponsorship of event or celebrity. "
"sales and business promotion activities. close outs. "
"sales and business promotion activities. product or gift personalization services. "
"sales and business promotion activities. sales or marketing programs. "
"sales and business promotion activities. after sales programs. "
"sales and business promotion activities. demo or rental or used vehicle. "
"sales and business promotion activities. point of sale materials not including printed materials. "
"sales and business promotion activities. in dealership strategic initiatives training. "
"sales and business promotion activities. sales marketing agencies including print. "
"sales and business promotion activities. customer relationship center crc management services. "
"sales and business promotion activities. in dealership strategic initiatives support. "
"sales and business promotion activities. motorsport. "
"sales and business promotion activities. letter shop services. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  merchandising service. services for in store demonstrations, product sampling, restocking and setting shelves.. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  recognition program management service. recognition programs are a thank you for a job well done, after the fact, for employees, customers, etc. these programs are typically one-time or once a year.. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  incentive program management service. programs for motivating and rewarding certain desired behaviors to achieve predetermined organizational objectives (i.e. sales growth). in other words, if you do this (i.e. hit this goal), you get this (merchandise, trip, etc.), a goal is set before the fact. typically the audience is sales representatives, distributors, dealers, channels, end users, etc.. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  promotional program management service. programs that are marketing communications directed at end-user customers, channel and internal stakeholders (e.g., sales force) in an attempt to motivate target customers to purchase a business products and services.. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  cooperative or shared advertising management service. a type of cooperative sales promotion alliance between sellers, distributors and customers.. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  commissioned distributor service. a type of sales alliance wherein distributors receive a commission based on sales performance. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  rebate management service. sales rebates are defined as amounts paid or credited to customers for achieving certain defined objectives. types of sales rebates are: volume/growth, price and objective based.. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  direct marketing print service. service provided by third parties to assemble and distribute a complete package or finished product of printed material as well as hold and manage inventory of printed material. examples include point of purchase pop materials which may consist of a variety of signs, window clings, etc. or the delivery of a complete package of materials like a training binder and ensure delivery to a specified location. "
"sales and business promotion activities.  marketing technology service. access and/or use of technology applications developed for the purpose of executing marketing and customer communication strategies. "
"distribution. . "
"distribution. direct sales services. "
"distribution. wholesale distribution services. "
"distribution. retail distribution services. "
"distribution. franchise operations. "
"distribution. auction services. "
"distribution.  product brokerage service. product brokers, sales agents, manufacturers representatives, and factory representatives whose primary compensation is a commission on the sale of a product. does not include distributors who actually take possession of the product.. "
"distribution.  partner and channel activity service. engagement of an agency to help corporations to build strategies in the area of direct and digital marketing for their partners (co-innovtors, system integrators, resellers, oems). example: labor costs connected to concept creation for a new series of partner campaigns which are supported/co-branded by the corporation. "
"mailing services. . "
"mailing services. mailing list compilation services. "
"mailing services. mailing list management service. "
"mailing services. addressing service. "
"trade shows and exhibits. . "
"trade shows and exhibits. auto shows or other exhibits. "
"trade shows and exhibits. meetings events. "
"trade shows and exhibits. talent or entertainment. "
"trade shows and exhibits.  digital event service. a digital event is an occurrence of people gathering together where some or all of the attendees are not physically in the same location but are connected in a common environment. the common environment might be one of many types but is usually enabled through the use of computers and the internet. digital event services are used specifically throughout a live physical, virtual and or when engaging with an attendee using webcasting, webinars, virtual & live streaming, mobile event apps, registration, check-in, on site lead retrieval, technology to track attendance, etc  these digital channels and technology are specific to the events space.. "
"customer relationship management services. services related to the management of the process of adding and editing new potential customer data, and editing and maintaining existing customer data.. . "
"customer relationship management services. services related to the management of the process of adding and editing new potential customer data, and editing and maintaining existing customer data.. customer data maintenance service. a contracted service specializing in collecting, processing, filing, sorting,\u00a0storing, retrieving, issuing, transmitting\u00a0and updating database entries, in particular customer master and transactional data.  the service may also include cleansing of data to eliminate duplications, enhance standardized terminology and improve overall data quality.. "
"customer relationship management services. services related to the management of the process of adding and editing new potential customer data, and editing and maintaining existing customer data.. company data and list procurement service. purchase of contact lists of\u00a0 persons who might have the need of a certain product that corporation offers.. "
