"dental. . "
"dental. mouthwash. "
"dental. toothpaste. "
"dental. toothbrushes. "
"dental. dental floss. "
"dental. infant soother or pacifier or dummy. "
"dental.  dental or oral hygiene kit. personal or professional assortment of products used to accomplish care of teeth, gums, or mouth.. "
"dental. toothpicks. "
"dental. denture cleaning tablets. "
"dental. mouth fresheners. "
"dental.  denture adhesive. an adherent used to hold artifical teeth in position. "
"dental.  dental water jet or pick cleaner or accessories. pulsating sonic cleaner that cleans teeth and gumline with pressurized water jet. designed for personal or home use.. "
"dental.  personal electric toothbrushes or accessories. battery or electrically powered toothbrushes for domestic use.. "
"dental.  gum massager or brush. a massaging device or brush used to clean and massage gums.. "
"dental.  tongue cleaner or brush. a brush used to clean and scrape the tongue for oral hygiene.. "
"dental.  orthodontic wax. wax used to relieve irritation from braces.. "
"bath and body. . "
"bath and body. shower caps. "
"bath and body. hair care supplies. "
"bath and body. razors. "
"bath and body. hair combs or brushes. "
"bath and body. vanity kits. "
"bath and body. deodorants. "
"bath and body.  hand or body lotion or oil. a type of emollient used to protect the skin.. "
"bath and body. soaps. "
"bath and body. sun protection products. "
"bath and body. eye care supplies. "
"bath and body. shaving creams. "
"bath and body. bath gels. "
"bath and body.  facial care products. skin care products are cleansers, moisturizers, serums and creams used in a daily facial skin care regimen.. "
"bath and body. foot care products. "
"bath and body. feminine hygiene products. "
"bath and body. para pharmaceutical creams or lotions. "
"bath and body. manicure implements. "
"bath and body. pedicure implements. "
"bath and body. cosmetics. "
"bath and body. perfumes or colognes or fragrances. "
"bath and body. nail clippers. "
"bath and body. condoms. "
"bath and body. hair removal or depilatory products. "
"bath and body.  disposable personal wipes. a single use, cloth or paper product used to clean the body. they may be provided individually, but are usually assembled in a multiple item container designed to dispense one wipe at a time.. "
"bath and body. hair or beard nets. "
"bath and body. hand sanitizer. "
"bath and body. hand cleaner. "
"bath and body. shampoos. "
"bath and body. makeup kits. "
"bath and body. lip balm. "
"bath and body. tattoos. "
"bath and body. hot rollers. "
"bath and body. barrettes. "
"bath and body. chemical protection products. "
"bath and body. shaving brushes. "
"bath and body. rose water. "
"bath and body. nursing pads. "
"bath and body.  nail polish. the commodity is decorative specialty paint used to decorate fingernails and toenails. nail polish comes in a variety of colors, textures, and quantities. it can be purchased in multiples or individually.. "
"bath and body.  urinary incontinence pad. pads and/or belts used for urinary incontinence.. "
"bath and body.  nail polish remover. an organic solvent usually acetone or ethyl acetate used to remove nail polish.. "
"bath and body.  petroleum jelly. this is a semi solid mixture of hydrocarbons originally promoted as a topical ointment for its healing properties. its folkloric medicinal value as a cure all has since been limited by better scientific understanding of appropriate and inappropriate uses. however, it is recognized by the u.s. food and drug administration as an approved over the counter skin protectant and remains widely used in cosmetic skin care.. "
"bath and body.  barber and salon hair cutting gown or cape. soft neckline with extra strong snap closure to prevent hair or hair products from touching cloth.. "
"bath and body.  electric hair clipper. a small handheld personal grooming device.. "
"bath and body.  aromatherapy essential oil. natural oil extracted from plants used for psychological and physical well-being.. "
"bath and body.  ear piercing instrument or gun. instrument used to puncture ear lobe with a starter stud or earring.. "
"bath and body.  blackhead remover. a small metal implement used to aid in removing blackheads, or comedones. most comedo extractors have metal loops on either end, although some extractors may have a small lance on one end.. "
"bath and body.  infant hygiene and personal care set. a set of products used for personal care and hygiene of babies. this set could contain shampoo, baby wash, manicure set, bath sponge.. "
"bath and body.  insect repellant. a substance applied to skin or clothing which discourages insects and arthropods in general from landing or climbing on that surface.. "
"bath and body.  bath and body powder. powder is material composed of very fine particles that are not cemented together. several powdery substances are known colloquially as powder, including cosmetic powders such as body or talcum powders.. "
"bath and body.  facial sauna. a machine which produces steam which can be used to cleanse the pores of facial skin. "
"bath and body.  personal hygiene kit. a kit composed of the primary things a person needs to care for themselves. while contents can vary, typical items are toothbrush, hair brush, deodorant, soap, etc.. "
"bath and body.  hand mirror. handheld reflective device used for personal hygiene or observation.. "
"bath and body.  makeup or vanity mirror. reflective device with or without lighting that is used for personal care or beauty.. "
"bath and body.  jasmine essential oil. jasmine essential oil is an important component of beauty creams, ointments and eye drops. jasmine oil is suitable for all skin types, especially for delicate skin. it is characterized by being moisturizing and provides elasticity to the skin.. "
"bath and body.  lavender essential oil. an essential oil derived from lavender flowers and used for its pleasant aroma and its medicinal properties, among which are its soothing effect.. "
"bath and body.  cinnamon essential oil. derivative oil from cinnamonum verum. the cinnamon is distinguished by its small white flowers, bright green leaves, and purple oval berries. the cinnamon leaf essential oil can be used as an additive in soaps and as a flavoring. when used in aromatherapy, diffused or applied topically (we recommend diluting it with softer essential oil or in your favorite cream, lotion or shampoo), it can have beneficial effects for health.. "
"bath and body.  dandelion essential oil. an essential oil used in cosmetics and natural medicine because it is rich in inulin, phenolic acids and mineral salts. this preparation is with almond oil to benefit from its properties to care for the skin. provides extra nutrition and hydration to the skin.. "
"bath and body.  juniper essential oil. an essential oil based on juniper (juniperus communis) which is said to be ideal for relieving joint pain, lumbago or sciatica. it has a great anti-inflammatory power.. "
"bath and body.  ginger essential oil. an essential oil that has anti-inflammatory properties and is said to be one of the most powerful home remedies for relieving pain.. "
"bath and body.  san juan herb essential oil. this essential oil is said to be an excellent remedy for diseases of the nerves, as well as for neuralgia, nervousness and specifically for discouragement, anguish and insomnia.. "
"bath and body.  marjoram essential oil. an essential oil that has anti-infective properties to treat infections of the throat and ear area; it is said to also be a natural regulator for maintaining bodily balance, especially when nervous system disorders occur, stress, nervousness.. "
"therapeutic massage equipment. therapeutic massage equipment includes specialized tables, hand held massagers, and others items.. . "
"therapeutic massage equipment. therapeutic massage equipment includes specialized tables, hand held massagers, and others items.. hand held massaging unit. a massaging devicethat the individual can hold and use on self.. "
"therapeutic massage equipment. therapeutic massage equipment includes specialized tables, hand held massagers, and others items.. massage machine. an exercise device that is to loosen the tension of muscle by massaging the waist, hip, thigh and others before and after exercising by using the vibrating belt by the electronic-type motor.. "
"tattoo equipment and accessories and materials. items used in the application of permanent skin marking, design or tattoo.. . "
"tattoo equipment and accessories and materials. items used in the application of permanent skin marking, design or tattoo.. tattoo ink. a type of ink or pigment injected into the skin as a permanent marking.. "
"tattoo equipment and accessories and materials. items used in the application of permanent skin marking, design or tattoo.. tattoo needle. specialty needles used to permanently mark the skin with ink. tattoo needles are small, solid needles generally used in groups attached to a needle bar.. "
