"earth moving machinery. . "
"earth moving machinery. front end loaders. "
"earth moving machinery. graders. "
"earth moving machinery. pile drivers. "
"earth moving machinery. rollers. "
"earth moving machinery. tampers. "
"earth moving machinery. trenching machines. "
"earth moving machinery. backhoes. "
"earth moving machinery. compactors. "
"earth moving machinery. draglines. "
"earth moving machinery. dredgers. "
"earth moving machinery. ditchers. "
"earth moving machinery. elevating scrapers. "
"earth moving machinery. twin engine open bowl scrapers. "
"earth moving machinery. twin engine elevating scrapers. "
"earth moving machinery. pulled scrapers. "
"earth moving machinery. track bulldozers. "
"earth moving machinery. wheel bulldozers. "
"earth moving machinery. mobile excavators. "
"earth moving machinery. wheel excavators. "
"earth moving machinery. track excavators. "
"earth moving machinery. integrated tool carriers. "
"earth moving machinery. wheel loaders. "
"earth moving machinery. skid steer loaders. "
"earth moving machinery. open bowl scrapers. "
"earth moving machinery. snow blowers. "
"earth moving machinery. track loaders. "
"earth moving machinery. treedozers. "
"earth moving machinery. combat earthmovers. "
"earth moving machinery.  pile extractor. a type of equipment used to extract a pile which was driven under a building, a structure, a sewer, a waterway or a revetment. it consists of a clamp which catches the pile and a vibration exciter which generates vibration by oil pressure. it is used with a crane by suspending it from the crane.. "
"earth moving machinery.  tire washer. an equipment installed to wash tires and pollutants under vehicles for the purpose of preventing pollution in the surrounding environment and road sides. it is set up in the areas such as construction areas and factories which can cause pollutional dusts.. "
"earth moving machinery.  concrete pile cutter. a device used in cutting the head section of pretensioned spun high strength concrete pile.. "
"earth moving machinery.  snow plow. a type of non motorized equipment that is used to make the snow removal from road easy by crushing snow and ice frozen on the road or surface of ground during winter. it is attached to mid or front portion of construction equipment, such as grader used in leveling the surface.. "
"earth moving machinery.  earthmoving machinery parts and accessories. accessories and spare parts used in the replacement and or maintenance of earthworking machinery. "
"earth moving machinery. dumper designed for off-highway use. "
"paving equipment. . "
"paving equipment. ramming equipment. "
"paving equipment. road wideners. "
"paving equipment. vibratory plates. "
"paving equipment. asphalt finishers. "
"paving equipment. chip spreaders. "
"paving equipment. road pavers. "
"paving equipment. cold planers. "
"paving equipment. paving material mixers. "
"paving equipment. aggregate spreaders. "
"paving equipment. bituminous material distributors. "
"paving equipment. road rooters. "
"paving equipment. road surface heater planers. "
"paving equipment. concrete paving strike offs. "
"paving equipment. paving breakers. "
"paving equipment. curbing machines. "
"paving equipment. grouting machines. "
"paving equipment. trackway surfacing outfits or its laying mechanisms. "
"paving equipment. scrubbing machines. "
"paving equipment. joint cleaning or refacing machines. "
"paving equipment.  asphalt distributor. equipment used to pave a road with asphalt by heating and distributing it on the road. smaller versions of this equipment are towed by a vehicle. larger ones are mounted on a truck.. "
"paving equipment.  asphalt recycler. a machine used to recycle pieces of asphalt which were once used for construction, road maintenance and laying pipe-line.. "
"paving equipment.  concrete paving and finishing machine. a self-powered machine which pours the concrete mixture and finishes the paving concrete on the road surface. it is used to consolidate and level concrete roads.. "
"paving equipment.  road marking machine. a motor-driven vehicle used to mark characters, symbols and lines on the paved roadway for traffic control.. "
"paving equipment.  concrete surfacing machine. a portable grinder used to level and smooth the surface of roadways, which is installed with a grinding disk and a drum. it is also used to grind the rough surface of asphalt and roadways or remove useless materials on the roads.. "
"paving equipment.  asphalt mixing plant. a device or facility used to make asphalt for road pavement, airports, harbors and other similar facilities.it divides into a stationary plant and a travelling plant.. "
"paving equipment.  asphalt melter. a device used to heat and melt asphalt which is provided to the mixing machine of an asphalt mixing plant. it consists of an asphalt kettle, an asphalt tank, and oil heater and an asphalt pump.. "
"paving equipment.  aggregate washer. a device used to remove impurities on the surface of an aggregate prior to use in paving operations.. "
"paving equipment.  aggregate dryer. a cylindrical drying device used for drying and heating aggregates which are provided to the mixer of an asphalt mixing plant. it is composed of stationary type and movable types.. "
"paving equipment.  roadmarking remover. a machine used to remove marked lines or characters on paved roadways by use of cutter blades or high pressure injection or a burner installed in the machine.. "
"paving equipment.  pile driver guide. a type of equipment that induces straight line motion of machines designed to drive in or withdraw pile.. "
"heavy equipment components. . "
"heavy equipment components. earthmoving shovels. "
"heavy equipment components. earthmoving buckets or its parts or accessories. "
"heavy equipment components. blades or tooth or other cutting edges. "
"heavy equipment components. scarifiers. "
"heavy equipment components. track links or track shoes or its parts. "
"heavy equipment components. dippers. "
"heavy equipment components. taglines. "
"heavy equipment components. rippers. "
"heavy equipment components. grapples. "
"heavy equipment components. snowplow attachments. "
"heavy equipment components. paving breaker tools or accessories. "
"heavy equipment components. pile driver tools or its parts or accessories. "
"heavy equipment components. backhoe boom or boom sections. "
"heavy equipment components. tamper parts or repair kits. "
"heavy equipment components. batching plants or feeders. "
"heavy equipment components. construction machinery conversion kits. "
"heavy equipment components. earth moving moldboards. "
"heavy equipment components. grader control systems. "
"heavy equipment components. grader frame saddles. "
"heavy equipment components. trencher crumber shoes. "
"heavy equipment components. stake driver bits and accessories. "
"heavy equipment components.  bucket tooth. component that increases the ability of the bucket to excavate by being attached to the frontal end section of device such as bucket, etc.. "
"heavy equipment components.  bucket side cutter. component that enables easy lateral excavation by being attached to both sides of the bucket.. "
"heavy equipment components.  hydraulic breaker chisel. a component that is attached to a hydraulic hammer or breaker for use in breaking up rocks, concrete, etc.. "
"aerial lifts. . "
"aerial lifts. manlift or personnel lift. "
"aerial lifts. platform lift. "
"aerial lifts. articulating boom lift. "
"aerial lifts. telescoping boom lift. "
"building construction machinery and accessories. . "
"building construction machinery and accessories. concrete mixers or plants. "
"building construction machinery and accessories. plaster or mortar mixers. "
"building construction machinery and accessories. rotary tiller mixers. "
"building construction machinery and accessories. curing machines. "
"building construction machinery and accessories. concrete spreaders. "
"building construction machinery and accessories. shoring equipment. "
"building construction machinery and accessories. trench braces. "
"building construction machinery and accessories.  cardboard band drain or wick drain. a type of equipment used to improve weak foundation comprised of vertically inserted columns sunk into porous soil to promote drainage through capillary tube action of card-board which is paper inserted into weak foundation by means of pressure.. "
"building demolition machinery and equipment. . "
"building demolition machinery and equipment. demolition equipment kits. "
"building demolition machinery and equipment.  wrecking ball. heavy concrete or metallic ball used in demolishing large buildings generally by hanging onto and swinging from crane.. "
