"ventilation. . "
"ventilation. air collectors. "
"ventilation. air exhausters. "
"ventilation. vents. "
"ventilation. ventilation dampers. "
"ventilation. air diffusers. "
"ventilation. ventilation pipes. "
"ventilation.  spiral ventilation tubing. flexible tubing used to move air in underground mining applications.. "
"ventilation.  ventilation curtain. material used in underground mining applications to direct air in mine.. "
"ventilation.  ventilation spad. materials used to hang ventilation materials in underground mining applications.. "
"ventilation.  ventilation tubing. tubing used to move air in underground mining applications.. "
"ventilation.  ventilation tube hanger. misc ventilation products used for moving air in underground mining applications.. "
"ventilation.  ventilation tube fittings. connectors, elbows, tees and related items used to run ventilation tubing to locations underground.. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories. . "
"air circulation and parts and accessories. blowers. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories. air circulators. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories. impellers. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories. fans. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories. fan guards or accessories. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories.  ventilation check. material used in underground mining to direct air through mine.. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories.  air volume control valve. device designed to adjust the air supplied to maintain the indoor temperature in optimal condition.. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories.  fan filter unit. a device designed to filter interior and exterior air flows on an air conditioner.. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories.  ceiling fan. ceiling mounted device used to circulate air. "
"air circulation and parts and accessories.  ceiling fan kit. lighting fixture accesories used in or on a ceiling fan.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. . "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. air conditioners. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. cooling exchangers. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. evaporative coolers. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. condensing units. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. capillary tube assemblies. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. air conditioner shutters. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. cooling tower accessories. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. fan coil unit. a small room air conditioner or air handling unit with a fan, a hot/chilled water coil and an air filter contained in one box.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. air handling unit. a device used to cool, heat, dehumidify, humidify, filter, circulate and ventilate air within a building.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. reciprocating chiller. a type of chiller which compresses refrigerant gas by the reciprocation of a piston in a cylinder of a compressor.it consists of a compressor, a condenser, a evaporatorand an expansion valve.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. centrifugal liquid chiller. a type of refrigeration unit which changes the kinetic energy of refrigerant gas to pressure using the centrifugal force of an impeller rotating at high speed.it consists of a compressor, condenser and evaporator, and its refrigerating capacity is large.it isalso called a turbo refrigerator.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. screw chiller. a type of refrigeration unit which compresses gas in the course of reducing the capacity of refrigerant gas by the high-speed rotation of the rotor of a compressor with a male screw and a female screw engaged with each other.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. absorption chiller. a type of refrigeration unit which vaporizes refrigerant gas using an evaporator.the gas is then absorbed into the solution of an absorbent and divided again, transferred to a condenser and condensed by a coolant, establishing a chilling cycle.it uses water as a refrigerant and libr solution as an absorbent.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. absorption chiller heater. a type of refrigeration unit with a boiler installed within the device which enablesboth cooling and heating by forming chilling cycles - evaporating, absorbing, recycling and condensing. it generally uses water as a refrigerant and libr solution as an absorbent.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. constant temperature and humidity chamber. a type of refrigeration unit which not only maintains constant internal temperature and humidity irrespective of external condition, but also circulates, filters and ventilates. it is mainly used in a computing room or a laboratory.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. cooling tower. a type of heat exchanger used to bring cooling water which is used for the condenser of a refrigerator directly to the outside for the purpose of reusing the water.it is generally installed on the top of the building or outside.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. air conditioner power saver. a device that regulates cooling by automatically cycling the air conditioning unit on or off according to pre-determined settings.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. cooling coil. a device for cooling heated air in an air conditioner.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. liquid refrigerant receiver. a device that stores liquid refrigerants condensed from the refrigeration cycle from the condenser and the evaporator.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. unit cooler. an assembly consisting of a heat transfer device, filter and motor fan designed to cool and to dehumidify.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. water cooled condensor. a type of condenser that removes and dissipates heat from the compressed vapor to the surrounding water to condense the refrigerant vapor to a liquid. the liquid refrigerant then falls by gravity to a receiver where it is stored, and available for future use in the system.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. steam condenser. a device that cools down the vapor to return to water to maximize the efficiency of the steam turbine from thermal power station, chemical plant and others.. "
"cooling equipment and parts and accessories. includes all types of cooling equipment as well as related parts and accessories. thermoelectric cooler. an apparatus for lowering the temperature of an enclosed space by means of the peltier effect.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. . "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. radiators. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. heat exchangers. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. furnaces. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. heat pumps. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. solar heating units. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. heating stoves. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. circulation heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. coil duct heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. convection heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. divided exchangers. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. double split exchangers. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. finned tubular heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. immersion heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. kettle exchangers. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. one pass exchangers. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. process air heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. space heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. split exchangers. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. strip heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. tubular heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. two pass exchangers. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. quartz heater. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. domestic water heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. commercial water heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. ceramic fiber heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. cartridge heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. band heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. heater elements. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. induction heaters. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. doors for heating equipment. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  boiler or heater igniter. igniter, may or may not be electrical, and is used to light a boiler, heater, hot water tank, etc. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. burners. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. plate heat exchanger. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. shell and tube heat exchanger. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. chimney. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  economizer. an economizer is a heat exchange device that heats a fluid up to (but not beyond) the boiling point of that fluid. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  baffle plate. a plate or wall for deflecting gases or other fluids as in a steam-boiler flue, or a reverberatory furnace.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  film heater. a type of heater used to radiate heat through a thin film with a heating element. it is used for heating by laying it within a floor or wallpaper. it is composed of a heating element film and a thermostat.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  air preheater. a device to preheat the air for combustion with the remaining heat of the combusion gas prior to escape through the chimney.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  ice melting device. a device that uses electric heat to melt ice build up.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  electric furnace. a melting furnace that uses electricity to apply heat. it is generally used in melting steel, special cast iron and special steel alloys.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  high frequency induction vacuum melting furnace. an electric furnace that melts special steels at high temperature generated by high frequency induction current in an atmosphere of non activated gas.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  reverberatory furnace. a furnace that is used for smelting and refining of metal.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  salt bath furnace. a furnace that is designed to dissolve metal materials, such as steel and others with salts, such as barium chloride or sodium chloride or other others and heat the metal materials, such as steel and others within it.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  carburization and nitrification electric furnace. thermal treatment equipment that is used when the hardness is heightened by penetrating the carbon or nitrogen on the surface of the steel.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  forced air heating system. a heating apparatus that provides the heat with the compulsive convection by using the fan with the heat that is generated by exhausting the fuel from the equipment itself.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  hot water distribution header. a type of device that gathers the valves in one place to distribute the hot water generated from the hot water heater, such as boiler and others, to several zones like cabinet panel or distributing board.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  crematory. a cremator that is used in cremating the corpse.. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories. boiler parts and accessories. "
"heating equipment and parts and accessories.  plate heat exchanger parts and accessories. includes items such as carrying bar, blocks, phe plates, etc.. "
"humidity control. . "
"humidity control. vaporizers. "
"humidity control. dehumidifiers. "
"humidity control. humidifiers. "
"boilers. . "
"boilers. fire tube boilers. "
"boilers. water tube boiler. "
"boilers. electric boilers. "
"boilers.  natural gas powered boilers. this commodity is a boiler that uses natural gas as a power source. natural gas powered boilers have varying dimensions and weights, depending on the functionality (e.g. residential vs. commercial boilers). it is used for heating water or air, generating steam or storing hot water.. "
"boilers.  propane gas powered boilers. this commodity is a boiler that uses propan gas as a power source. propane gas powered boilers have varying dimensions and weights, depending on the functionality (e.g. residential vs. commercial boilers). it is used for heating water or air, generating steam or storing hot water.. "
"boilers.  waste heat boiler. a boiler which uses the heat of waste gas from several equipments other than the boiler such as a heating furnace, melting furnace and others.. "
"boilers.  mini oil boiler. a boiler fueled by kerosene, light oil or heavy oil as the fuel with a hydrostatic pressure of 10 meters or less.. "
"fireplaces and accessories. . "
"fireplaces and accessories. wood fueled fireplace. "
"fireplaces and accessories. gas fueled fireplace b vent. "
"fireplaces and accessories. gas fueled fireplace vent direct. "
"fireplaces and accessories. gas fueled fireplace vent free. "
"fireplaces and accessories. electric fueled fireplace. "
"fireplaces and accessories. fireplace facing. "
"fireplaces and accessories. fireplace mantle surrounds. "
