"electronic assembly machinery and support equipment. . "
"electronic assembly machinery and support equipment. chip placers. "
"electronic assembly machinery and support equipment. glue dispensing machinery. "
"electronic assembly machinery and support equipment.  terminal insertion machine. a machine designed for the insertion and assembly of wiring terminals.. "
"electronic manufacturing and processing machinery. . "
"electronic manufacturing and processing machinery. semiconductor process systems. "
"electronic manufacturing and processing machinery.  printed circuit board making system. equipment used to manufacture the circuit pattern of the printed circuit board pcb that structures the electronic circuit.. "
"electronic manufacturing and processing machinery.  wafer wire bonder. a machine that is connected to the chip pad and the lead frame to link the chip attached on the paddle of the lead frame and the lead frame electrically as the die bonding process in semiconductor assembly process.. "
"electronic manufacturing and processing machinery.  semiconductor chip inspection monitor. equipment that inspects for defects in the wafer and the final completed semiconductor chip in the semiconductor manufacturing process.. "
"electronic manufacturing and processing machinery.  vacuum impregnation or porosity sealing device. a sealing device that fills all interior spaces, and may or may not leave a thin coating on the surface, depending on the wash rinse performance. the main application of vacuum impregnation porosity sealing is in boosting the dielectric strength of transformers, solenoids, lamination stacks or coils, and some high voltage components. it prevents ionization from forming between closely spaced live surfaces and initiating failure.. "
"electronic manufacturing and processing machinery.  ion implanter. a machine which accelerates the ions of a material in an electrical field and impacts them into another solid. this process is used to change the physical, chemical, or electrical properties of the solid.. "
