"printing and writing paper. . "
"printing and writing paper. onion skin paper. "
"printing and writing paper. vellum paper. "
"printing and writing paper. parchment paper. "
"printing and writing paper. tractor feed paper. "
"printing and writing paper. mimeograph paper. "
"printing and writing paper. computer printout paper. "
"printing and writing paper. printer or copier paper. "
"printing and writing paper. facsimile paper. "
"printing and writing paper. stationery. "
"printing and writing paper. plotter paper. "
"printing and writing paper. writing paper. "
"printing and writing paper. graph paper. "
"printing and writing paper. ledger paper. "
"printing and writing paper. paper pads or notebooks. "
"printing and writing paper. calculator or cash register paper. "
"printing and writing paper. notebook filler paper. "
"printing and writing paper. index cards. "
"printing and writing paper. cardstock papers. "
"printing and writing paper. blotter paper. "
"printing and writing paper. tracing paper. "
"printing and writing paper. foolscap sheets. "
"printing and writing paper. multipurpose paper. "
"printing and writing paper. telephone message pads or books. "
"printing and writing paper. carbonless paper. "
"printing and writing paper. magnet paper. "
"printing and writing paper. telex rolls. "
"printing and writing paper. self adhesive note paper. "
"printing and writing paper. log books or pads. "
"printing and writing paper. assorted paper kits. "
"printing and writing paper. examination booklets or forms. "
"printing and writing paper. music score or manuscript papers. "
"printing and writing paper. telegraph papers. "
"printing and writing paper. library book or borrowers cards. "
"printing and writing paper. label papers. "
"printing and writing paper.  digital paper. digital paper is patterned paper used in conjunction with a digital pen to create handwritten digital documents. the printed dot pattern uniquely identifies the position coordinates on the paper. the digital pen uses this pattern to store the handwriting and upload it to a computer.. "
"printing and writing paper.  medical monitoring or tracing or recording or thermal paper. paper usually supplied on a roll for recording clinical information.. "
"printing and writing paper.  stamp paper. a paper coated on one side with a water soluble adhesive with the other side available for applying an inked design.. "
"printing and writing paper.  optical mark reader paper. a type of paper or form that enables recognition of marks entered with pencil or water-based sign pen with an optical mark reader.. "
"printing and writing paper.  korean paper for stationery. paper made with traditional manufacturing method of korea with bark of paper mulberry as the main ingredient. with tough and strong characteristics, unlike paper made in the west, it has outstanding ability to be preserved with soft surface texture.. "
"printing and writing paper.  inkstone. a stationary that is made of rock, porcelain or others used for the ink stick and it has rectangular shape, square shape, circular shape, oval shape and others.. "
"printing and writing paper.  security paper. a type of paper that includes characteristics useful to identify or authenticate a document as original or characteristics that show evidence of handling when trying to commit forgery, for example, in order to remove or alter signatures from a check.  typical uses of this paper include birth certificates and several types of school certificates. these papers are presensitized against chemicals and fluorescent fibrils.. "
"printing and writing paper.  wide format printer paper. a type of printer paper, usually supplied in rolls up to 72 inches (1.83m) wide, is used in large commercial printing applications.. "
"novelty paper. . "
"novelty paper. gift wrapping paper or bags or boxes. "
"novelty paper. business cards. "
"novelty paper. greeting or note or post cards. "
"novelty paper. art or craft paper. "
"novelty paper. poster boards. "
"novelty paper. gift certificate. "
"novelty paper. cover paper. "
"novelty paper. construction paper. "
"novelty paper. invitation or announcement cards. "
"novelty paper. banner paper. "
"novelty paper. album papers or tissues. "
"novelty paper. poster papers. "
"novelty paper. lining papers. "
"novelty paper.  leathack paper. a type of decorative paper which is embossed with various colors and patterns. it is of high-density and even-thickness and is used for greeting cards, calenders, catalogs and book covers.. "
"novelty paper.  kent paper. a high-class paper of fine quality best for color illustration and comics. ideal for color pencils, air brush, or color paints. "
"personal paper products. . "
"personal paper products. facial tissues. "
"personal paper products. toilet seat covers. "
"personal paper products. paper towels. "
"personal paper products. toilet tissue. "
"personal paper products. paper napkins or serviettes. "
"personal paper products. paper table cloth. "
"business use papers. . "
"business use papers. tickets or ticket rolls. "
"business use papers. receipts or receipt books. "
"business use papers. vouchers. "
"business use papers. bills or bill books. "
"business use papers. checks or check books. "
"business use papers. business forms or questionnaires. "
"business use papers. multipurpose business book. "
"business use papers. accounting forms or accounting books. "
"business use papers. bill of lading forms or bill of lading books. "
"business use papers. personnel forms or personnel books. "
"business use papers. sales forms or sales books. "
"business use papers. inventory forms or inventory books. "
"business use papers. correspondence forms or correspondence books. "
"business use papers. tax forms or tax books. "
"business use papers. tent cards. "
"business use papers. applicant fingerprint cards. "
"business use papers. deposit verification form. "
"business use papers.  thermal paper. heat sensitive paper used in credit card terminals, receipt generating machines, and other point of sale machines.. "
"business use papers.  booking forms or reservation books. a paper or a book with pre-printed fields designed for recording reservations of all kinds such as those used in hotels and other kinds of business.. "
"business use papers.  game of chance forms or coupons. a paper our coupon with pre-printed fields used for lotteries, gambling or other games of chance.. "
"business use papers.  order forms or order books. a paper or a book with pre-printed fields for recording an order or list of items demanded.. "
"business use papers.  delivery forms or delivery books. a paper or book with pre-printed fields specifically designed for controlling deliveries.. "
"business use papers.  control forms or control books. a paper or a book with pre-printed fields used to record business management data such as number of entrances and exits and other kind of important business information.. "
"business use papers.  pharmacy prescription pad or tamper resistant security paper. physician pads used for ordering the outpatient a supply of necessary medications.. "
"business use papers.  menu. a printed brochure or public display that shows the list of options for a diner to select.. "
"business use papers.  birth certificate. an official record of the date and place of a persons birth, usually including the names of the parents.. "
"business use papers.  death certificate. a document issued by a government official such as a registrar of vital statistics that declares the date, location and cause of a persons death.may also be a medical certificate of the cause of deathor mccd.. "
"business use papers.  business letterhead paper. paper including the printed name and the logo or any other design of an institution or company.. "
"business use papers.  pre-printed notepad. bound pre-printed sheets with the logo of an institution or slogan.  the sheets are glued in the upper part to facilitate the pulling up of sheets.  they can be ruled, graph or uniform and are normally used as a promotional gift.. "
"business use papers.  engrossing paper. a type of paper used for the final version of legal documents.  it is of higher quality and is thicker than standard paper.  sometimes it is supplied with pre-printed headings such as \u2018last will and testament\u2019. "
"business use papers.  visitor or guest book. a type of business use book used to record details of guests or visitors to businesses, organizations or events.. "
