"food preparation machinery. . "
"food preparation machinery. filling machinery. "
"food preparation machinery. milling machinery. "
"food preparation machinery. sifting machinery. "
"food preparation machinery. dehydrating machinery. "
"food preparation machinery. washing machinery. "
"food preparation machinery. crushing machinery. "
"food preparation machinery. blanching machinery. "
"food preparation machinery. sorting machinery. "
"food preparation machinery.  meat tyer or bagger. device that facilitates bagging or netting of rolled meats, roasts, hams, etc.. "
"food preparation machinery. forming machine. "
"food preparation machinery. cooling machine. "
"food preparation machinery. preduster. "
"food preparation machinery.  cheese making machine. a machine that automatically produces cheese with milk.. "
"food preparation machinery.  bean curd making machine. a machine that manufactures tofu. it washes and separates beans and impure substances, the soaks them in a water tank and crushes and filters them appropriately. they are then boiled and poured into a mold.. "
"food preparation machinery.  noodle making machine. a machine that uses wheat and other flours to make noodles.. "
"food preparation machinery.  fermented soybean machine. a machine that produces fermented soybeans in standardized shape. after washing the beans to remove impure substances, the machines soaks them in a water tank and filters and steams them.. "
"food preparation machinery.  food fermentation device. a reactor that disintegrates organic compounds with microbes, such as yeasta and bacteria in order to generate alcohol, organic acid, carbon gas and others.. "
"food preparation machinery.  pasteurizing machine. machine employing thermal process to reduce pathogen agents performed on food.. "
"food preparation machinery. cream separator. "
"food preparation machinery.  laver or seaweed refining machine. machine used to refine the laver to be easy to eat and stored through drying, seasoning, roasting and other processes. "
"food preparation machinery.  seed or nut sheller. machine that removes the shells of nuts or seeds.. "
"food preparation machinery.  slaughterhouse or abattoir equipment. equipment used in slaughterhouses or abattoirs as part of the processing of meat.. "
"food preparation machinery.  butter churn. a device used to turn cream or milk into butter. "
"food cutting machinery. . "
"food cutting machinery. dicing machinery. "
"food cutting machinery. slicing machinery. "
"food cutting machinery. chopping machinery. "
"food cutting machinery. cutting machinery. "
"food cutting machinery. grating machinery. "
"food cutting machinery. peeling machinery. "
"food cooking and smoking machinery. . "
"food cooking and smoking machinery. smoking machinery. "
"food cooking and smoking machinery. roasting machinery. "
"food cooking and smoking machinery. cooking machinery. "
"food cooking and smoking machinery. steaming machinery. "
"food cooking and smoking machinery.  food sterilizing machine. a machine designed to conserve food products by sterilizing and then cooling them prior to packing.. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery. . "
"industrial beverage processing machinery.  coffee roasting equipment. equipment used in the coffee roasting process which follows coffee processing and precedes coffee brewing. the most common roasting machines are of two basic types: drum and hot-air, although there are others including packed bed, tangential and centrifugal roasters. roasters can operate in either batch or continuous modes.  the roasting process consists essentially of sorting, roasting, cooling, and packaging but can also include grinding in larger scale roasting houses.. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery. juicing machinery. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery. ice making machines. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery. ice cream machines. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery.  ice making machine parts and accessories. general parts used in ice making machinery by the ice industry. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery.  beverage sterilizer. equipment that sterilizes beverage product with high pressure steam during the manufacturing process for various beverages.. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery.  dairy mixer. mixing equipment used for preparing milk and milk products. "
"industrial beverage processing machinery.  ripple machine. a device used for blending different products into ice cream.. "
