"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. . "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. robotic or automated liquid handling systems. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. laboratory diluters. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. manual multichannel air displacement pipetters. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. manual single channel air displacement pipetters. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. manual single channel positive displacement pipetters. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. manual single channel repeating pipetters. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. electronic single channel pipetters. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. electronic multichannel pipetters. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. pasteur or transfer pipettes. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. volumetric pipettes. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. serological pipettes. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. dropping pipettes. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. pipette pumps. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. pipette bulbs. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. bottle top dispensers. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies. pipetter inserts or accessories. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies.  aspirating pipette. pipette that is unplugged, ungraduated and sterile, utilized for aspirating liquids by vacuum suction methodology. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies.  positive displacment repeating pipettor. pipettor operating on a positive displacement principle, which contains a reservoir tip, allowing for variable volume repeating dispensing from the reservoir and not from the primary sample. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies.  automated vial or tube decapper recapper. automated system which utilizes a hands free torque technique to decap and recap tubes or vials while retaining reagent and sample integrity. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies.  automated liquid handling system accessories. replacment parts and accessories utilized on automated liquid handling and diluter systems. "
"pipettes and liquid handling equipment and supplies.  pipettor reagent reservoir. reservoir or boat utilized to contain reagents, solutions or stains that will be pipetted by multichannel pipettors. "
"pipette tips. . "
"pipette tips. filter tip pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. aerosol barrier pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. low retention pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. reference pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. ultramicro pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. gel loading pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. universal pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. robotic pipette tips. "
"pipette tips. variable volume pipette tips. "
"pipette tips.  repeating pipettor reservoir pipette tip. reservoir style pipette \"tip\" that is used for pipetting with positive displacement repeating pipettors. "
"test tubes. . "
"test tubes. multipurpose or general test tubes. "
"test tubes. microcentrifuge tubes. "
"test tubes. centrifuge tubes. "
"test tubes. cryogenic tubes. "
"test tubes. nuclear magnetic resonance nmr tubes. "
"test tubes. culture tubes. "
"test tubes. separator test tubes. "
"test tubes. anti coagulant test tubes. "
"test tubes. capillary or hematocrit tubes. "
"test tubes. test tube closures or caps. "
"test tubes. urinalysis testing tubes or accessories. "
"test tubes.  viscometer tube. a tube that is used for tester to measure various viscosities. depending on the viscosity tester and method, each has different type and shape.. "
"test tubes.  sand size analyzer. a measurement tube that measures the volume of sand and others by installing the sensor and others to the pipe where sand and others are passed or passing the sand and others on the upper pipe to pass the lower part with the water in the glass pipe or plastic pipe with the scale.. "
"test tubes.  cluster tube or tube strip or cap. a tube system comprised of microtubes that are attached in strips or blocks that are used for harvesting cells, cell uptake and receptor binding assays and/or radioimmunoassays. "
"test tubes.  specimen transport tube or aliquot tube. tube used for the aliquoting of urine, plasma, serum, whole blood, cerebrospinal fluid or body fluid for the purpose of transport or storage in a tube other than the primary collection tube. "
"test tubes.  scintillation vial. cylindrical container with screw cap composed of glass, translucent polypropylene or opaque polyethylene used in the laboratory setting for chromatography, gamma or scintillation counting.. "
"test tubes.  cryogenic sperm or embryo storage straw. flexible bio-compatible cylinder for storage of materials for assisted reproduction. tube ends are crimped to contain specimen.. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. . "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory watch glasses. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory stirring rods. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory beakers. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory flasks. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory graduated cylinders. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory vials. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory ampoules. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory burets. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory funnels. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory staining dishes or jars. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory microchemistry kits. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory dishes. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. cuvettes. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies.  laboratory lids or covers or coverslips. these are covers and lids for beakers, flasks, graduated cylinders, etc.. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies. laboratory adapters or connectors or fittings. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies.  laboratory glass tube. a base glass that makes the glass device for testing, such as test tube, or cylinder. the coefficient of thermal expansion is low that there is almost no impact by the heat expansion during the experiment.. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies.  glass bell jar. glass equipment that has the bell-shape. it is used for combustion experiment to find out the properties of weight, ingredient and of air atmosphere.. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies.  laboratory storage bottle. bottles utilized for media and general storage. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies.  laboratory dropper bottle and dropper cap. bottles and bottle caps utilized specifically for dropper dispensing of reagents and solutions. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies.  laboratory carboy or spout. large capacity container, comprised of rigid plastic materials, that is used for the storage or transport of fluids and/or the spout utilized for dispensing from the carboy. "
"general laboratory glassware and plasticware and supplies.  vial closure cap or seal or stopper. cap, flip seal or stopper used for the closure of a laboratory general purpose sample vial. "
"laboratory or sampling syringes. . "
"laboratory or sampling syringes. chromatography syringes. "
"laboratory or sampling syringes. chromatography syringe needles. "
"laboratory or sampling syringes. syringe adapters or accessories. "
"laboratory or sampling syringes. sampling syringes. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. . "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. petri plates or dishes. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. multiwell plates. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. cell scrapers. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. tissue culture flasks. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. roller bottles. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. inoculating devices. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. tissue culture coated plates or dishes or inserts. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. microbiology inoculation loops or needles. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. petri pads. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. petri pad dispenser. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies.  tissue culture chambered slide. a multiple chambered glass or plastic microscope slide used for viewing cell cultures, which possesess inert hydrophobic well borders defining the cell culture area and that can be used for different stains, treatments, or fixation processes without affecting the adjacent chambers. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies.  cell culture glass capillary tube. porous glass capillary tubes able to contain ultra micro volumes of cell culture suspensions for growth, seeding, in vivo microscopic imaging, and/or microinjection into living cells. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies.  capillary pipette or tube puller. a mechanism designed to pull thin wall glass capillaries to generate tubes, pipettes or needles suitable for cell culture growth, seeding, in vivo microscopic imaging and/or microinjection studies. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies.  in situ culture harvester. automated or robotic in situ sample surface harvester of cell cultures, providing standardization and uniformity of sampling. "
"tissue culture and high throughput screening supplies. tissue culture kit. "
"crucibles. . "
"crucibles. glass crucibles. "
"crucibles. ceramic crucibles. "
"crucibles. metal crucibles. "
"laboratory bench protectors and liners. . "
"laboratory bench protectors and liners. bench protectors or liners. "
"laboratory implements. . "
"laboratory implements. magnetic spin bars or stir bars or stirring beads. "
"laboratory implements. magnetic spin bar retrievers or stir bar retrievers. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory spatulas. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory tongs. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory forceps. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory knives. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory scalpels. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory scissors. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory tools. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory sealing film. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory timers or watches. "
"laboratory implements.  laboratory tube sealants. wax compound used for forming a leak tight seal for tubes.. "
"laboratory implements. laboratory clamps. "
"laboratory implements.  laboratory spoon. spoons for general laboratory material dispersal.. "
"laboratory implements.  centrifugal bioseparation crystals. crystal beads utilized during blood centrifugation to entrap fibrin and facilitate bioseparation of sample. "
"laboratory implements.  scalpel blade and knife blade remover. safety device utilized to remove scalpel and knife blades from handles. "
"laboratory implements.  blood drop dispenser device. closed tube piercing sampler that dispenses blood drops for the preparation of peripheral blood smears. "
"laboratory implements.  donor blood unit segment sampler. donor unit tubing piercing sampler that dispenses donor blood for crossmatch immunohematology. "
"laboratory implements.  laboratory scoop. scoop used within the laboratory for dispensing solid materials. "
"laboratory implements.  laboratory bottle carrier. wire, plastic, or rubber slings or racks used to safely transport laboratory bottles containing acids, solvents or caustic liquids. "
"laboratory implements.  flask ring stabilizer or weight. weight or weighted ring placed on the neck of a flask to stabilize it in water baths or applications that place the flask at risk for toppling. "
"laboratory implements.  blood collection tubing stripper-sealer-cutter. in this classification, this commodity indicates a product used as a blood collection tubing stripper-sealer-cutter during a medical procedure in a medical setting.  most nations, for tariff and trade purposes, schedule these products under hs 901839.. "
"laboratory corks and stoppers and accessories. . "
"laboratory corks and stoppers and accessories. laboratory corks. "
"laboratory corks and stoppers and accessories. laboratory stoppers. "
"laboratory corks and stoppers and accessories. laboratory cork borers. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies. . "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies. microscope slides. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies. microscopes slide coverslips. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies. microscope lens paper. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies. hemocytometers. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies. microscope immersion oil. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies. microscope slide dispensers. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies.  microscope lens cleaner solution. cleaning solutions for the maintenance of microscope lenses and objectives. "
"laboratory microscope slides and supplies.  hemocytometer cover glass. cover glass or slip utilized on hemocytometers or counting chambers that is constructed of a thicker and more high quality ground glass so that it is able to be disinfected and reused. "
"laboratory tapes and labels. . "
"laboratory tapes and labels. slide or specimen labels. "
"laboratory tapes and labels. labeling tapes. "
"laboratory tapes and labels. safety tapes. "
"laboratory tapes and labels. tamper proof tapes. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. . "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. pipette racks or stands. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. microscope slide racks. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. sedimentation tube racks or stands. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. test tube racks. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. drying racks. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. cryoracks. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. dissecting trays. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. general purpose trays. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays. petri dish racks. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays.  benchtop reagent storage rack. racks for the storage and organization of reagent bottles utilized at the workbench. "
"laboratory stands and racks and trays.  test and culture tube dispenser. racks and containers for the orgnaization and dispensing of test and culture tubes at the workbench. "
"laboratory desiccators and desiccants. . "
"laboratory desiccators and desiccants. jar desiccators. "
"laboratory desiccators and desiccants. cabinet desiccators. "
"laboratory desiccators and desiccants. desiccants. "
"laboratory desiccators and desiccants. vacuum desiccators. "
"laboratory desiccators and desiccants.  microbial susceptibility disc desiccant storage container. desiccated containers utilized for the storage of microbial susceptibility disc storage. "
"laboratory desiccators and desiccants.  desiccator accessories. it is a laboratory instrument with accessories used to keep a substance clean and dehydrated through vacuum. "
"laboratory dialysis supplies. . "
"laboratory dialysis supplies. dialysis tubing. "
"laboratory dialysis supplies. dialysis clamps. "
"laboratory dialysis supplies.  dialysis cassette. slide cassettes for low molecular weight exchange, concentration and desalting. "
"laboratory dialysis supplies.  dialysis membrane. membranes utilized in dialysis cassettes for low molecular weight exchange, concentration and desalting. "
"laboratory dialysis supplies.  dialysis cassette holder. device used to hold dialysis slide cassettes. "
"laboratory dialysis supplies.  dialysis flask. flask used in laboratory dialysis for the removal of buffer salts and small contaminants from proteins and other macromolecules in sample volumes up to 250 ml. "
"preserved specimens and supplies. . "
"preserved specimens and supplies. preserved prepared slides. "
"preserved specimens and supplies. preserved animals and organisms. "
"preserved specimens and supplies.  virology stock control culture. cryogenically stored stock culture of a known viral cell line that would be thawed, fed and grown for use in future viral propagation, identification, quantitation or viral cytopathic effects cpe on the cell line for viral diagnostics platforms. "
"preserved specimens and supplies.  microbial quality control qc reference organism. a single microbial organism that is guaranteed traceable back to a known type culture with usually less than five subcultures or passes, which has been lyophilized to be rehydrated and grown for future use as a quality control in multiple method validations in microbiology, and will be utilized as a constituent of laboratory accrediation. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets. . "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets. microscope slide boxes or folders. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets. microscope slide cabinets. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets. cryogenic storage boxes. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  histology or tissue cassette cabinets. filing system for slides or cassettes.. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  histology tissue cassette accessories. accessories for histology equipment that include dividers, paper, pad, etc.. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  histology tissue cassette storage tray or box. tray or box that is used for the short or long term storage of histology tissue block cassettes. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  pipette storage canister or box. protective canister or box used for storage of serological, volumetric, transfer and pasteur pipettes to prevent breakage. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  pasteur or transfer pipette dispenser. container for the organization and dispensing of pasteur and transfer pipettes at the workbench. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  blood collection tube dispenser. container and/or rack for the organization and dispensing of blood collection tubes in the phlebotomy area. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  phlebotomy area organization rack and dispenser. container and rack used for the organization and dispensing of ancillary items such as gauze, tourniquets, needles, bandages, and lancets in the phlebotomy area. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  bioprocess container or bag for molecular biology platform. single use container or bag which is utilized for the safe and protected manufacturing, packaging, intermediate storage and transport of bioprocessing medias, buffers, water for injection and other biological products used in molecular biology platforms. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  histology specimen container storage tray. trays or racks composed of solvent resistant materials designed for the intermediate to long term storage of histology specimens in preservative filled containers. "
"general laboratory storage containers and cabinets.  microscope slide and tissue cabinet marker and accessories. all reference markers or specimen tracker cards or position end supports for microscope slide or histology cassette storage cabinets. "
"dosing devices. . "
"dosing devices. dosing cups. "
"dosing devices. dosing spoons. "
"dosing devices. dosing droppers. "
