"valves. . "
"valves. needle valves. "
"valves. pneumatic valves. "
"valves. safety valves. "
"valves. solenoid valves. "
"valves. relief valves. "
"valves. ball valves. "
"valves. hydraulic valves. "
"valves. control valves. "
"valves. float valves. "
"valves. globe valves. "
"valves. expansion valves. "
"valves. gate valves. "
"valves. flap valves. "
"valves. valve parts or accessories. "
"valves. angle globe valves. "
"valves. ball check valves. "
"valves. butterfly lug pattern valves. "
"valves. butterfly wafer pattern valves. "
"valves. diaphragm valves. "
"valves. inline check valves. "
"valves. knife gate valves. "
"valves. lubricated plug valves. "
"valves. mud or slush valves. "
"valves. nonlubricated plug valves. "
"valves. orifice valves. "
"valves. pilot valves. "
"valves. pinch valves. "
"valves. piston check valves. "
"valves. pump valves. "
"valves. sentinel valves. "
"valves. slider valves. "
"valves. swing check valves. "
"valves. turbine valves. "
"valves. valve kits. "
"valves. wafer check valves. "
"valves. toggle valves. "
"valves.  toilet fill valve. device that controls the flow of water from the water supply line into a gravity-operated toilet tank regulated by a float mechanism.. "
"valves.  toilet flush valve. a buoyant plastic device that covers the outlet in the bottom of the toilet tank and is held in place by water pressure. it is activated by a lever which lifts the device from the outlet and floats clear allowing the tank to empty quickly into the bowl. as the water level drops, the device descends back to the bottom of the tank and covers the outlet pipe again.. "
"valves.  poppet valve. a type of valve consisting of a hole and a tapered plug on the end of a shaft also called a valve stem. the shaft guides the plug portion by sliding through a valve guide. the differential pressure seals the valve.. "
"valves.  saddle valve. a saddle valve is a valve used to supply liquid where a low volume, low pressure stream is required. the name is derived from the fact that it is mounted in such a way that it \"saddles\" the line, mounting it from both sides.. "
"valves.  foot valve. a type of check valve. it is spherical or cylindrical in construction with perforations or slots all over the valve body to allow entry of water into it.. "
"valves.  rotary airlock valve. this valve is made up of a rotor with 6 rigid vanes that moves inside a round casing. the gap between the rotor vanes and the casing is further reduced by means of adjustable vane blades made of teflon or spring steel.. "
"valves.  valve stem. a rod attached to a valve for moving it.. "
"valves.  valve seat. the fixed surface on which a valve rests or against which it presses.. "
"valves.  segment valve. a type of valve designed to provide an optimized flow path for medium consistency pulp.. "
"valves.  magnetic valve. a widely used type of valve in which the electromagnet is housed in a chamber which is not exposed to pressure medium to be controlled and in which a rod coupling is placed between the armature of the electromagnet and the valve body.. "
"valves. directional control valve coil assembly. "
"valves.  compressed gas valve. a gas valve that is manufactured not to leak in high voltage applications.. "
"valves.  air valve. a valve to enable flawless flow of liquid by removing the air in the fluid with the valve that absorbs or releases the air flowing within the pipe.. "
"valves.  pressure reducing valve. a valve that consistently maintains the pressure and reduces the pressure on fluid.. "
"valves.  sluice valve. a valve that passes, blocks or controls water by installing on pipes for waterworks or industrial water. "
"valves.  cock valve. a type of plug valve that stops the flow of liquid or increases or and decreases it by turning the plug inserted in the cone shaped or cylinder shaped hole on the liquid route.. "
"valves.  vacuum valve. a valve installed on a pipeline or container operating at a lower internal pressure than the external air pressure. "
"valves.  flange type butterfly valve. a butterfly-shaped valve that is in the flange-type for the connected part from the valves that adjust the flow by rotating the circular plate-shape of valve body on the basis of the axis installed in right angle to the flow direction.. "
"valves.  fire sprinkler control valve. a valve which supplies water to the sprinkler head automatically once one or more of water sprinklers is opened by sensing fire or others.. "
"valves.  block and bleed valve. a heavy duty mainline valve made to hold bubble tight against high pressure. the valve is made with a small bleeder line and valve which are tapped into the block valves bonnet. when the block valve is closed, its effectiveness may be checked by opening the bleeder valve for evidence of any leakage from the upstream or high-pressure side.. "
"valves.  lift check valve. a type of check valve in which the flow control element moves parallel to the direction of fluid flow. the force of the fluid lifts the flow control element off its seat.. "
"hardware and fittings. . "
"hardware and fittings. plumbing adapters. "
"hardware and fittings. plumbing connectors. "
"hardware and fittings. plumbing hangers. "
"hardware and fittings. hydrants. "
"hardware and fittings. plumbing vents. "
"hardware and fittings. nozzles. "
"hardware and fittings. plumbing spiders. "
"hardware and fittings. hose fitting. "
"hardware and fittings. funnels. "
"hardware and fittings. grease fitting. "
"hardware and fittings. diaphragms. "
"hardware and fittings. drain plugs. "
"hardware and fittings. drain covers. "
"hardware and fittings. fuel cocks. "
"hardware and fittings. orifice fittings. "
"hardware and fittings. atomizers. "
"hardware and fittings. nozzle tips or caps. "
"hardware and fittings. drain bowls. "
"hardware and fittings. fusible plugs. "
"hardware and fittings.  sight glass. a part mounted to a tank or boiler for observing the content level. "
"hardware and fittings.  grease trap. a receptacle designed to collect and retain grease and fatty substances normally found in kitchen or similar wastes; usually installed in the drainage system between the kitchen and the sewer.. "
"hardware and fittings. vacuum breaker. "
"hardware and fittings.  waste arm. a type of extension pipe or tubing; used to extend a sink drain into a wall.. "
"hardware and fittings.  wall bend. a straight piece of pipe or tubing with a slight bend at one end. used in household plumbing.. "
"hardware and fittings.  pipe sway brace. a double-acting spring housed in a canister.it restrains undesirable movement of pipe racks.. "
"hardware and fittings.  pipe connection box accessory. pipe connection box accessories such as lids, covers, extensions, bases.. "
"hardware and fittings.  escutcheon. a flat protective coveringto prevent soiling.. "
"hardware and fittings.  drainage channel. a watercourse installed for drainage.. "
"hardware and fittings.  floor drain. a drain device which is installed on the floor for drainage. "
"hardware and fittings.  non freeze hydrant. a water hydrant with the freezing prevention function that is installed in areas with the winter freezing concerns.. "
"hardware and fittings.  piping manifold. a device which has the spiral exhaust pipe used for the distribution of air and the suction port paved with the spiral used for piping.. "
"hardware and fittings.  water meter protection tub. a device to secure to prevent frozen damage and leakage of the water meter.. "
"hardware and fittings.  water hammer arrester. a type of device that is installed to prevent high noise and vibration due to the impact wave generated by the fluid inside the pipeline that moves the fluid.. "
"hardware and fittings.  hose assembly. an package consisting of hose and fittings.. "
"hardware and fittings.  drain separator. a type of device that is installed on the vapor or compression air pipe to release the water in the pipe to external side of the pipe by using the difference of specific gravity between the vapor or compression air and air.. "
"hardware and fittings.  snap tap with saddle for water works. a type of device that enables the boring work while the water is kept running when working to install the branch pipe (home entry pipe) from the main pipe for water.. "
"hardware and fittings.  pipe shoe. a supporter that is in slider-type as used in the steam pipe or water pipe in the pipe system.. "
"hardware and fittings.  pitless adapter. a type of device that is installed tightly on the upper extension pipe of the underground water well that disconnects the surface pollutant, such as, foreign substance, insect or others to penetrate inside of the well.. "
"hardware and fittings.  valve box or valve room. a structure that is made in circular cylinder-shape or rectangular shape made in the reinforced plastic and other materials to prevent various valve structures of water and sewer from breaking from outer impact and others.. "
"hardware and fittings.  pipe fusion machine. a machine that is used to join mutually different pipes.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. . "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. flexible ducts. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. rigid ducts. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. magnesium ducts or ductwork. magnesium tubing or canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. ferrous alloy ducts or ductwork. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. titanium ducts or ductwork. titanium tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. tin ducts or ductwork. tin tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. brass ducts or ductwork. brass tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. lead ducts or ductwork. lead tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. bronze ducts or ductwork. bronze tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. zinc ducts or ductwork. zinc tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. steel ducts or ductwork. steel tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. iron ducts or ductwork. iron tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. cement ducts or ductwork. cement tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. plastics duct or ductwork. plastic tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. rubber duct or ductwork. rubber tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. glass ducts or ductwork. glass tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. stone ducts or ductwork. stone tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. non ferrous alloy ducts or ductwork. non ferrous alloy tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. aluminum ducts or ductwork. aluminum tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. stainless steel ducts or ductwork. stainless steel tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. precious metal ducts or ductwork. precious metal tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. copper ducts or ductwork. copper tubing, canal or passage by which fluid or gas is conveyed.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. latex duct or ductwork. a very hygienic and smooth type of duct recommended for transporting liquids.. "
"ducts. a duct is a tube or channel through which fluids or gases may be moved.. nylon duct or ductwork. a type of duct that is very resistent to breakage and has good insulation properties.. "
"hoses. . "
"hoses. acid hoses. "
"hoses. air hoses. "
"hoses. drill hoses. "
"hoses. marine hoses. "
"hoses. material handling hoses. "
"hoses. oil hoses. "
"hoses. special hoses. "
"hoses. water hoses. "
"hoses. air water gas multipurpose hoses. "
"hoses. fluoropolymer lined hoses. "
"hoses.  chemical hose. hose to transport chemical products.. "
"hoses.  food and beverage hose. hose used in the food and beverage industry.. "
"hoses.  mining hose. hose used in the mining industry.. "
"hoses.  petroleum hose. hose to transport petroleum products.. "
"hoses.  steam cleaning hose. hose used in the steam cleaning industry.. "
"hoses.  vacuum hose. hose to handle vacuum functions.. "
"hoses.  welding hose. hose approved for use in welding.. "
"hoses.  spray hose. general purpose spray. "
"hoses.  ducting hose. hose used for ducting purposes.. "
"hoses.  hydraulic hose. a type of hose specifically designed to convey hydraulic fluid to or among hydraulic components, valves, actuators and tools. it is typically flexible and often reinforced because it is used in hydraulic systems that are frequently under high pressure.. "
"hoses.  rock dust hose. hose used in underground mining to rockdust mine for control of coal dust.. "
"hoses. hose reel. "
"fluid and gas regulators. . "
"fluid and gas regulators. gas regulators. "
"fluid and gas regulators. fluid regulators. "
"fluid and gas regulators. fluid regulator repair kits. "
"fluid and gas regulators.  welding regulator oxygen. used specifically to regulate oxygen pressure going to cutting torch. "
"fluid and gas regulators.  welding regulator acetylene. used specifically to regulate acetylene pressure going to cutting torch. "
"fluid and gas regulators.  sluice gate. a type of device that regulates the flux by stopping or allowing the water flow in the channel by closing or opening the flat-plated gate up and down.. "
"fluid and gas regulators.  water level regulator. a device which regulates the desired water level by analyzing the change of water level in the water reservoir with the pressure sensor attached to the a water pipe to measure the water pressure.. "
"fluid and gas regulators.  gas mixer. a type of device that mixes two, three or more types of mutually different gases for certain ratio and certain pressure for appropriate use.. "
"traps and strainers. . "
"traps and strainers. liquid strainers. "
"traps and strainers. liquid traps. "
"traps and strainers. steam traps. "
"traps and strainers. steam strainers. "
"traps and strainers. y strainer. "
"traps and strainers. tee strainer. "
"traps and strainers. conical strainer. "
"traps and strainers. basket strainer. "
"traps and strainers. oil trap. "
"traps and strainers.  thermostatic steam trap. a device actuated by temperature differentials that can be used economically at steam pressures of less than 6 psi.. "
"traps and strainers.  thermodynamic steam trap. a device most suited to applications where the pressure downstream of trap is less than half the upstream pressure.. "
"traps and strainers.  breather. air passage provided by a retractable device containing intake and exhaust pipes; permits a submarine to stay submerged for extended periods of time.. "
"traps and strainers. p trap. "
"traps and strainers.  j trap. j shaped piece of pipe that is located below or within a plumbing fixture that holds a small amount of water to prevent sewer gas from entering a building.. "
"traps and strainers.  s trap. s shaped piece of pipe that is located below or within a plumbing fixture that holds a small amount of water to prevent sewer gas from entering a building.. "
