"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. . "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. fluorescent fixtures. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. wall fixture. sconces, bathroom light strips.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. stage or projection or studio lighting system. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. recessed lighting. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. chandeliers. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. desk fixtures. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. track lighting. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. floor lamp fixture. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. table lamp fixture. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. laboratory task light. light used in laboratories to clearly focus on certain lab tasks.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. downlighting fixtures. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. halogen lighting fixtures. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. decorative ceiling or flush mount fixture. an ornate or flush mount ceiling light fixture.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. pendant lighting. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. high intensity discharge hid fixture. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. incandescent fixture. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. solar lighting fixture. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. undercabinet fixture. a lighting fixture that is attached underneath a cabinet bottom.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. lighting gobo. a thin circular plate with holes cut in it to create patterns of projected light.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. commercial downlighting fixture. a lighting fixture that may be employed in inclined ceiling applications.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. commercial downlighting trim. trim and accessories employed with commercial downlighting fixtures.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. fluorescent high bay fixture. fluorescent light used for large scale (area) commercial applications.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. fluorescent strip. fluorescent light fixture in the shape of a rectangular strip used in commercial and industrial applications.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. lensed troffer. a specialized lighting fixture used mostly for suspended ceiling and recessed lighting situations.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. parabolic fixture. parabolic light fixtures are open cell lights recessed into the ceiling. they offer a sharp cut-off level, meaning that light can be focused directly downward more effectively than with older prismatic fixtures.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. vanity lighting. lighting used for or in conjunction with vanities.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. sports lighting fixture. lighting fixture used to illuminate sporting events.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. garage or canopy lighting fixture. lighting fixtures used in garages or on canopies.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. lighting box. rectangular shaped or circular shaped box sunk into the upper portion of the ceiling in order to install lighting in rooms or living room of residential unit, building and apartments.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. auto lift lighting system. lighting system that enables indoor lighting devices to move up and down vertically, and used for the purpose of making maintenance and repair of lighting apparatus safer and easier.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. interior lighting fixture accessory. includes accessories, fasteners, replacement parts, and ancillary items.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. magnifying lamp. a type of lamp that provides an increased area of vision and brightness for the user.  intended for work on small things where the need for magnification exists, for example electronic components,small items in crafts, hobbies and reading.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. bath fan with light. an exhaust fan with an integrated light fixture used in a bathroom or restroom application.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. light emitting diode led fixture. lighting fixture that contains light emitting diode led technology, an energy efficient lighting source alternative to other lighting sources, e.g. fluorescent, halogen, hid, incandescent, solar, etc.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. domestic night light. a small light fixture placed for comfort or convenience in dark areas. it produces low intensity lighting which can be used to reassure sleeping children or highlight hazardous areas. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. high bay lighting. light fixture used for large scale or area commercial applications.. "
"interior lighting fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories used in structural interiors.. low bay lighting. indoor lighting luminaires designed for applications of 20 feet or less that provide specific light patterns with the use of reflectors and optics.  applications include lighting for assembly lines, manufacturing areas, food processing plants, warehouses and parking garages.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. . "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. roadway or highway lighting. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. landscape lighting. lighting used in landscape settings.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. underwater lighting. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. residential street lights. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. lighting pole or post and hardware. the pole or post and associated hardware used for free standing elevated light fixture placement.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. flashlight. a handheld portable light.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. flood light. an artificial light providing even illumination across a wide area.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. area lighting. lighting done for external large areas.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. security lighting. lighting specifically placed to enable securitymeasures at a location.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. mailbox lighting fixture. lighting fixtures used to illuminate mailboxes.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. ingrade lighting. lighting fixtures flush mounted in the ground in order to illuminate trees, buildings and other structures in an unobtrusive manner.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. outdoor lighting accessories. components and parts used with outdoor lighting fixtures.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. renewable energy street lighting. lighting used from electric energy which is stored from an electric condenser after being converted from a renewable energy source: solar, wind, or water power.  it is usually used on the street or in the park.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. sports lighting system. complete engineered lighting system for sports field consisting of precast concrete base, one or more steel pole sections designed to mate with base and adjoining pole section, electrical components enclosure to house components for luminaire power and control, wire harness with plug-in connectors, and one or more factory-aimed luminaires.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. large area lighting system. complete engineered lighting system for non-sport related large areas consisting of precast concrete base, one or more steel pole sections designed to mate with base and adjoining pole section, electrical components enclosure to house components for luminaire power and control, wire harness with plug-in connectors, and one or more factory-aimed luminaires.. "
"exterior lighting fixtures and accessories. fixtures and accessories used primarily to illuminate outdoor areas.. outdoor sconce. outdoor wall-mounted fixture used for perimeter and entry lighting.. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. . "
"emergency lighting and accessories. storm lights. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. glow stick or light stick. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. strobe or warning lights. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. combo light unit exit. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. emergency exit illuminated sign. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. emergency light unit. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. emergency lighting accessories. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. exit light conversion kit. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. exit light mounting canopy. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. remote lighting fixture. "
"emergency lighting and accessories. signal flare. "
"lighting accessories. . "
"lighting accessories. lamp ballasts. "
"lighting accessories. lamp housings. "
"lighting accessories. lamp sockets. "
"lighting accessories. light boxes. "
"lighting accessories. grilles. "
"lighting accessories. light conditioner filters. "
"lighting accessories. lamp starter. "
"lighting accessories. electrified tracks. "
"lighting accessories. lamp covers. "
"lighting accessories. lamp arms. "
"lighting accessories. ceiling frame lighting flange kit. "
"lighting accessories.  lamp and lamp fixture guard. a guard to protect either the entire lamp fixture or the lamp portion of the lamp fixture from damage.. "
"lighting accessories. lamp lens. "
"lighting accessories.  lamp mounting accessory. part needed to customize the mounting of a lamp or lamp fixture.. "
"lighting accessories. lamp reflector. "
"lighting accessories. lamp safety fitting. "
"lighting accessories. lamp wiring assembly kit. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting retrofit kit. a kit of parts used to retrofit a lighting assembly.. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting wall bracket. a bracket for hanging lighting fixtures on a wall.. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting post cap. a cap for a post where lighting is fixed. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting lens diffuser. a lighting lens that has been treated for the purpose of diffusing the light emitted by the lamp.. "
"lighting accessories.  lamp swing gate. the part of a lighting fixture that opens in a swinging fashion because it is hinged.. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting cord set. a set of wires used for connecting a lighting fixture or lamp.. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting reflector or reflecting baffle. a part used in a lamp to reflect or redirect light.. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting fixture door. the part of a lighting fixture that allows access to the lamp.. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting channel cover. a cover used to protect a lighting channel.. "
"lighting accessories.  lighting cross arm. an arm that is perpendicular to a vertical pole that is used to align space and separate lights hung in close proximity.. "
"lighting accessories.  suspended lighting fixture mounting accessories. mounting accessories such as a downrod, stem or chain that are used to hang a lighting fixture.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. . "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. longwall lighting. lighting system used on longwall in underground mining.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. marine location fixture. a fixture that has been designed for wet and marine locations and to withstand a more corrosive type environment.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. clean room light fixture. fixture that is sealed to protect against potential contamination of surrounding areas inside a cleanroom.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. rough service light fixture. fixture designed to withstand extreme shock and vibration in any burning position.used in conjunction with construction and related services.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. vapor tight light fixture. fixture that is sealed to prevent the escape of any contaminating vapor.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. vandal resistant light fixture. fixture that has been modified to protect against being vandalized.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. special environment lighting fixture accessory. includes accessories, fasteners, replacment parts and ancillary items.. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. festive or christmas tree lighting. "
"special environment fixtures and accessories. lighting fixtures and accessories that have been modified to work in a myriad of non standard environments.. ceiling fan light kit. a lighting assembly kit that adds a light source to a ceiling fan.. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. . "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. light tower. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. light cart. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. light stand. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. loading dock light. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. portable fluorescent light. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. portable hand lamp. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. portable high intensity discharge hid light. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. portable incandescent light. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. portable shop light. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. rope light. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories. string or tree light. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories.  hand or extension light. a light fixture that is hand held or can be added to a string of light fixtures.. "
"portable and temporary lighting and accessories.  portable and temporary lighting accessory. includes accessories, fasteners, replacement parts, and ancillary items.. "
"optical lighting. class of optical lighting products, embracing fiber optic lighting and led optic lighting.. . "
"optical lighting. class of optical lighting products, embracing fiber optic lighting and led optic lighting.. fiber optic lighting. "
"optical lighting. class of optical lighting products, embracing fiber optic lighting and led optic lighting.. light emitting diode led optic lighting. "
"optical lighting. class of optical lighting products, embracing fiber optic lighting and led optic lighting.. light emitting diode led driver. an electrical device that regulates the power to a led or array of leds.. "
"special effects devices. . "
"special effects devices. atmospheric effect apparatus. "
"special effects devices.  bubble machine. a device for creating a supply of bubbles which are lit as part of a lighting feature, often used in discoteques and night clubs. "
"special effects devices.  confetti machine. device that processes and ejects confetti, frequently used in parties, discotheques and night clubs.. "
"special effects devices.  foaming machine. device that processes and ejects foam, frequently used in discotheques and night clubs. "
"special effects devices.  smoke machine. device that processes and ejects smoke, frequently used in discotheques and night clubs. "
"special effects devices.  snow machine. device that processes and ejects snow, frequently used in discotheques and night clubs. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. . "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. color changer. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. color filters. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. filter holders and frames. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. gobo holders. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. gobo rotators and light moving effect accessories. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. iris diaphragm. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. lighting bars. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories. spot chairs. "
"stage and studio lighting and accessories.  mirror ball or disco ball. a sphere covered with mirrors that, when lit by spotlights and rotated, is used to create numerous of tiny points of light.. "
"stage and studio lighting dimming and control devices. . "
"stage and studio lighting dimming and control devices. dimmers and accessories. "
"stage and studio lighting dimming and control devices. lighting control consoles and accessories. "
"stage and studio lighting dimming and control devices. lighting power supply and control units. "
"stage and studio luminaires. . "
"stage and studio luminaires. focus spots. "
"stage and studio luminaires. follow spots. "
"stage and studio luminaires. moving lights. "
"stage and studio luminaires. par cans and pin spots. "
"stage and studio luminaires. profile type luminaires. "
"stage and studio luminaires. spot banks. "
"stage and studio luminaires. strip lights. "
"stage and studio luminaires. ultraviolet and black light luminaires. "
"non electrical lighting devices. . "
"non electrical lighting devices. alcohol lamp. "
"non electrical lighting devices. candle holder. "
"non electrical lighting devices. kerosene or propane or natural gas or butane lantern. "
"non electrical lighting devices. wax candle. "
