"crude oil testing. this class includes the range of services involved in crude oil testing.. . "
"crude oil testing. this class includes the range of services involved in crude oil testing.. crude oil value adjustment service. allocation of produced crude oil and condensate regarding partner ownership of produced hydrocarbons. "
"crude oil testing. this class includes the range of services involved in crude oil testing.. fluid characterization of crude oil service. fluid characterization of crude oil, compositional analyses and physical properties. "
"crude oil testing. this class includes the range of services involved in crude oil testing.. compositional analyses of crude oil. compositional analyses of pressurised samples and dead oil. "
"crude oil testing. this class includes the range of services involved in crude oil testing.. crude oil loading analyses. analytical services regarding loading samples of hydrocarbons. "
"natural gas testing services. includes the range of analysis, testing and monitoring services involved in natural gas production.. . "
"natural gas testing services. includes the range of analysis, testing and monitoring services involved in natural gas production.. compositional analysis of natural gas. compositional analysis of natural gas according to astm d1945. "
"natural gas testing services. includes the range of analysis, testing and monitoring services involved in natural gas production.. analysis of carbon dioxide co2 in natural gas. compositional analysis of natural gas including co2. "
"natural gas testing services. includes the range of analysis, testing and monitoring services involved in natural gas production.. natural gas loading analysis. compositional analyses of natural gas according to astm d1945. "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. . "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. jet fuel recertification. analytical services for the recertification of jet fuel. "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. lube oil monitoring service. service to monitor lube oil condition in machines, engines and other components.. "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. engine oil monitoring. service to monitor engine oil condition. "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. hydraulic oil monitoring. service to monitor hydraulic oil condition. "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. diesel fuel monitoring. service to monitor diesel fuel condition. "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. water-based hydraulic fluid monitoring. service to monitor water-based hydraulic fluid condition. "
"oil condition monitoring services. includes the range of condition monitoring services involved in different grades or types of oil.. fuel oil monitoring. service to monitor fuel oil condition. "
"produced water monitoring services. includes range of services involved in monitoring water elements in oil and gas production.. . "
"produced water monitoring services. includes range of services involved in monitoring water elements in oil and gas production.. scale monitoring. service to monitor scale in wells. "
"produced water monitoring services. includes range of services involved in monitoring water elements in oil and gas production.. residual scale inhibitor rsi monitoring. service to monitor residual scale inhibitor in produced water. "
"produced water monitoring services. includes range of services involved in monitoring water elements in oil and gas production.. gas water ratio in pressurised samples. service evaluating gas water ratio in pressurized samples. "
"formation water testing services. includes range of services involved in monitoring formation water elements in oil and gas production.. . "
"formation water testing services. includes range of services involved in monitoring formation water elements in oil and gas production.. element analyses in water. element analyses in water. "
"formation water testing services. includes range of services involved in monitoring formation water elements in oil and gas production.. analysis of organic acids in water. analysis of organic acids in water. "
"formation water testing services. includes range of services involved in monitoring formation water elements in oil and gas production.. analysis of nutrients in water. analysis of nutrients in water. "
