"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. . "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. aircraft insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that indemnifies\u00a0against claims and losses arising from the ownership, maintenance, or use of\u00a0aircraft, hangars, or airports including damage to\u00a0aircraft, personal injury, and property damage.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. boiler and machinery policy. a type of risk management contract that indemnifies in the event of loss with respect to and arising from the ownership, use and operation of boilers, pressure vessels and machinery. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. commercial automotive insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that indemnifies against claims and losses arising from physical damage and liability coverages for amounts, situations, and usage not covered by a personal\u00a0auto\u00a0policy.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. commercial multiple peril policy. a type of risk management contract that offers at least two forms of coverage including losses incurred from business crime, business automobile, boiler and machinery, marine and farm.\u00a0. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. farm owners multiple peril policy. a type of risk management contract that provides general coverage for personal and business losses for farms and ranches. included is  liability coverage and losses to structures and their contents, mobile equipment, and livestock.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. flood insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that provides coverage for real property owners from water damage to the structure and/or contents of their property.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. fraternal benefit society insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that provides coverage to real property owners via membership in a group with a common goal. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. homeowners insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that covers an individual residence\u00a0against damages to the\u00a0house itself, or to possessions in the\u00a0home.\u00a0homeowners insurance\u00a0also provides liability coverage against accidents in the\u00a0home\u00a0or on the property.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. inland marine insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that covers  property as follows:  property in transit; property held by a bailee; property at a fixed location that is an instrument of transportation. coverage is designed specifically for movable goods that are often at different locations.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. personal automobile insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that provides individual  vehicle owners protection to mitigate costs associated with auto accidents, theft or other damage.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. ocean marine insurance policy. a type of risk management contract that provides protection for all types of oceangoing vessels and their cargoes as well as legal liability of owners and shippers.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. surety policy. a type of risk management contract that guarantees the debts of one party by another party. a surety is the organization or person that assumes the responsibility of paying the debt in case the debtor defaults or is unable to make the payments.\u00a0. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. title insurance policy. a type of risk management contract, found predominantly in the united states, which insures against financial loss from defects in title\u00a0to real property and from the invalidity or unenforceability of mortgage loans.. "
"property insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect against the risk of damage to physical\u00a0property\u00a0and equipment.. warranty policy. a type of risk management contract that protects asset owners against the cost of repairs required to fix defective property or equipment provided by the asset manufacturers or maintenance contractors.. "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. . "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. credit life insurance policy. a\u00a0type of life insurance\u00a0policy designed to pay off a borrowers debt if that borrower dies. the face value of a\u00a0credit life insurance\u00a0policy decreases proportionately with an outstanding loan amount as the loan is paid off over time until both reach zero value.. "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. fraternal life insurance policy. a type of life insurance policy  provided by fraternal orders or societies to their members.. "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. group life insurance policy. a type of life insurance policy offered by an employer or other organizational entity to its workers or members.. "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. term life insurance policy. a type of life insurance policy that pays a benefit in the event of the death of the insured during a specified term. "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. whole life insurance policy. a type of life insurance policy that pays a benefit on the death of the insured and also accumulates a cash value.. "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. fixed annuity policy. a type of life insurance contract in which the individual makes a lump-sum purchase payment or series of payments. in return, the insurer makes\u00a0fixed\u00a0dollar payments to the annuitant for the term of the contract, usually until the annuitant dies. the insurance company guarantees both earnings and principal.. "
"life insurance contracts. life insurance is a contract between an insured and an insurer or assurer, wherein the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money --the benefits-- in exchange for a premium, upon the death of the insured person.  depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment. the policy holder typically pays a premium, either regularly or as a lump sum. other expenses such as funeral expenses are also sometimes included in the benefits.. modified guaranteed annuity policy. a deferred annuity for which the underlying assets are held in a separate account, but the contract values are guaranteed if held for a specific time. "
"health insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect individuals or members of a group against the risk of damage due to health related conditions and maladies. . "
"health insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect individuals or members of a group against the risk of damage due to health related conditions and maladies. individual health insurance policy. a type of commercial risk management contract, in the form of a policy, that protects individuals against the risk of damage due to health related conditions and maladies. "
"health insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect individuals or members of a group against the risk of damage due to health related conditions and maladies. group health insurance policy. a type of commercial risk management contract, in the form of a policy, that protects group members against the risk of damage due to health related conditions and maladies. "
"dental insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect individuals or members of a group against the risk of damage due to dental related conditions and maladies. . "
"dental insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect individuals or members of a group against the risk of damage due to dental related conditions and maladies. individual dental insurance policy. a type of commercial risk management contract, in the form of a policy, that protects individuals against the risk of damage due to dental related conditions and maladies. "
"dental insurance contracts. a broad range of commercial risk management contracts, in the form of policies, that protect individuals or members of a group against the risk of damage due to dental related conditions and maladies. group dental insurance policy. a type of commercial risk management contract, in the form of a policy, that protects individuals against the risk of damage due to dental related conditions and maladies. "
"casualty insurance contracts. liability to third parties arising out of operations or products including bodily injury and/or property damage to third parties. also referred to as liability insurance. . "
"casualty insurance contracts. liability to third parties arising out of operations or products including bodily injury and/or property damage to third parties. also referred to as liability insurance. professional errors and omissions liability insurance contract. protects the insured company in the event a client alleges they have suffered a financial loss as a result of an error or an omission committed by in the delivery of professional services. "
"casualty insurance contracts. liability to third parties arising out of operations or products including bodily injury and/or property damage to third parties. also referred to as liability insurance. directors and officers liability insurance contract. protects the directors and officers of a company from claims made against them for a wrongful act such as; error, misstatement, misleading statement, omission, neglect, breach of duty. "
"casualty insurance contracts. liability to third parties arising out of operations or products including bodily injury and/or property damage to third parties. also referred to as liability insurance. fiduciary liability insurance contract. covers against potential claims arising arising from lawsuits against pension benefit administrators that are accused of not acting in accordance with the referring regulation (example u.s. pension reform act of 1974.). "
"casualty insurance contracts. liability to third parties arising out of operations or products including bodily injury and/or property damage to third parties. also referred to as liability insurance. employment practice liability insurance contract. covers company against employment-related lawsuits. "
"casualty insurance contracts. liability to third parties arising out of operations or products including bodily injury and/or property damage to third parties. also referred to as liability insurance. workers compensation insurance. liability to third parties arising out of operations or products including bodily injury and/or property damage to third parties. also referred to as liability insurance. "
"surety bonds. surety bond or surety is a promise by a surety or guarantor to pay one party (the obligee) a certain amount if a second party (the principal) fails to meet some obligation, such as fulfilling the terms of a commercial contract. the surety bond protects the obligee against losses resulting from the principals failure to meet the obligation.. . "
"surety bonds. surety bond or surety is a promise by a surety or guarantor to pay one party (the obligee) a certain amount if a second party (the principal) fails to meet some obligation, such as fulfilling the terms of a commercial contract. the surety bond protects the obligee against losses resulting from the principals failure to meet the obligation.. commercial surety bond. commercial bonding includes a range of commercially used surety bonds: license and permit surety, fidelity surety, fiduciary surety, public official surety, public official surety, court bonds.. "
"surety bonds. surety bond or surety is a promise by a surety or guarantor to pay one party (the obligee) a certain amount if a second party (the principal) fails to meet some obligation, such as fulfilling the terms of a commercial contract. the surety bond protects the obligee against losses resulting from the principals failure to meet the obligation.. contract surety bond. contract bonding (or construction bonding) guarantees that a contractor or developer will fully complete the construction project for which they\u2019ve bid according to specifications and will pay all laborers, subcontractors and suppliers. this type of surety bonding includes: bid bonds, payment,  performance, subdivision, supply and site improvement bonds.. "
