"oilfield information management and communications services. services to communicate oil well data including installation, rental and support services.. . "
"oilfield information management and communications services. services to communicate oil well data including installation, rental and support services.. oilfield data and message transmission services. services to transmit recorded well data and messages.. "
"oilfield information management and communications services. services to communicate oil well data including installation, rental and support services.. oilfield graphics transmission services. services to transmit recorded well graphics.. "
"oilfield information management and communications services. services to communicate oil well data including installation, rental and support services.. oilfield real time well data monitoring services. services to communicate data to the surface shortly after being recorded.. "
"oilfield information management and communications services. services to communicate oil well data including installation, rental and support services.. oilfield satellite well data transmission services. services using satellites to transmit well data.. "
"oilfield information management and communications services. services to communicate oil well data including installation, rental and support services.. oilfield well data transmission services. other well data services.. "
"oilfield information management and communications services. services to communicate oil well data including installation, rental and support services.. computer based simulation training program services. simulation services and training services for oil and gas drilling and completion projects. "
"oilfield data management services. . "
"oilfield data management services.  oilfield asset data management services. services that manage the acquisition and interpretation of well log data for evaluation and analysis.. "
"oilfield data management services.  oilfield data mining services. services to aggregate or interpret date for statistical or analytical purposes.. "
"oilfield data management services.  oilfield log data management services. services to manage data log including search/find, access/buy, process/correct, transfer/load, usage and storage functions.. "
"oilfield data management services.  oilfield mapping data management services. services to produce oilfield charts and maps.. "
"oilfield data management services.  seismic data management services. services to manage seismic data including search/find, access/buy, process/correct, transfer/load, usage and storage functions.. "
"oilfield data management services.  data storage and backup. services to archive or store archived data. "
"oilfield economic and risk model services. oilfield financial planning services.. . "
"oilfield economic and risk model services. oilfield financial planning services.. oilfield budgeting services. services to create and manage budgets for oilfield projects.. "
"oilfield economic and risk model services. oilfield financial planning services.. oilfield capital planning services. financial services to plan capital expenditures, cost reductions or analysis for return on capital.. "
"oilfield economic and risk model services. oilfield financial planning services.. oilfield decision tree services. services that provide analysis visually mapping out the problem using the decision tree model to produce calculation to determine risk analysis.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. . "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. oilfield bubble map services. services that create map using bubbles to display data.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. oilfield case studies. services to produce case studies for oilfield exploration and production projects.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. oilfield decline analysis. services using decline analysis to estimate reserves and predict production using either curve fitting and type curve matching methods.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. oilfield field studies. services to provide studies of oilfield geological, geophysical, geomechanical or petrophysical conditions.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. oilfield fracturing interpretation services. interpretation of data produced by the analysis of a well that passes through a natural fracture or that has been hydraulically fractured.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. geology services. services which include interpretation for 3d modeling, biostratigraphy, diagenesis, flooding, log interpretation, organic chemistry, petrology, volumetrics.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. geophysics services. interpretation services 2d, 3d, 4d, attributes, amplitude versus offset (avo), inversion, obc.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. gravel pack interpretation services. services to interpret the changes in gravel pack region.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. oilfield grid mapping services. services to develop and/or determine values for grid elements on a map.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. oilfield mapping or visualization services. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. petrophysics services. services to interpret or build a model using petrophysical information such as data from cased hole logs, core analysis, lwd, open hole logs.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. rock mechanics services. services to interpret the rock mechanical properties.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. reservoir services. services to include modeling, simulation, engineering economics, enhanced oil recover, fluid characterization, monitoring and tracers. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. general formation evaluation. services to evaluate the volume of rock seen by a measurement made in the borehole, as in a log or a well test.. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. acoustic waveform processing services. services to process the acoustic waves into images. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. geomechanical services processing. services to provide evaluation, testing, simulation and analysis of geomechanical conditions. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. nuclear magnetic resonance processing and interpretation services. processing and interpretation of the measurements of porosity, fractional volumes of bound and moveable fluids, and formation permeability. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. resistivity processing and interpretation services. processing and interpretation of the measurements resistivity through the uncased hole. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. dip angle and direction processing. services to process the data to determine the direction and angle of formation dip in relation to the borehole. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. borehole image processing. processing the data of the borehole image. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. logging while drilling processing. processing the well seismic data that is recorded during the excavation of the hole, or shortly thereafter, through the use of tools integrated into the bottomhole assembly. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. pulsed neutron processing and interpretation services. processing and intrepreting the measurements of the rate of thermal neutron absorption. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. general cased hole and production log processing. processing and intrepreting the measurements of the production logs from cased holes. "
"oilfield interpretation services. services to analyze data to generate reasonable models and predictions about the properties.. casing inspection analysis services processing. services to interpret the data from electronic inspection of casing to detect defects. "
"well service engineering. includes design, analysis, studies and management for well services.. . "
"well service engineering. includes design, analysis, studies and management for well services.. well cementing job design services. services to plan projects to permanently seal annular spaces between casing and borehole walls using cement.. "
"well service engineering. includes design, analysis, studies and management for well services.. coiled tubing job design services. services to plan projects using coiled tubing services.. "
"well service engineering. includes design, analysis, studies and management for well services.. well drilling job design services. services to plan projects for directional drilling and lwd services.. "
"well service engineering. includes design, analysis, studies and management for well services.. well fracturing job design services. services to plan well fracturing stimulation projects.. "
"well service engineering. includes design, analysis, studies and management for well services.. matrix stimulation job design services. services to plan treatments near-wellbore reservoir formation to enhance the productivity of a well.. "
"well service engineering. includes design, analysis, studies and management for well services.. well sand control job design services. services to plan the installation of equipment or application of techniques to prevent migration of reservoir sand into the wellbore or near-wellbore area.. "
