"situation and stakeholder analysis and communications planning services. public relations consultation services relating to the planning of professional communications and the provision of associated situation and stakeholder analysis and reporting. . "
"situation and stakeholder analysis and communications planning services. public relations consultation services relating to the planning of professional communications and the provision of associated situation and stakeholder analysis and reporting. polling and survey and public opinion monitoring and analysis. public relations consultation services relating to the facilitation of polling or surveys and associated analysis of data gathered. "
"situation and stakeholder analysis and communications planning services. public relations consultation services relating to the planning of professional communications and the provision of associated situation and stakeholder analysis and reporting. focus group and public feedback meeting facilitation and analysis. public relations consultation services relating to the facilitation of focus group sessions and public meetings to gather feedback on an issue, and associated analysis of data gathered. "
"situation and stakeholder analysis and communications planning services. public relations consultation services relating to the planning of professional communications and the provision of associated situation and stakeholder analysis and reporting. public relations situation and issues and risk analysis. public relations consultation services relating to the provision of situation and issues analysis and associated risk analysis and reporting. "
"situation and stakeholder analysis and communications planning services. public relations consultation services relating to the planning of professional communications and the provision of associated situation and stakeholder analysis and reporting. stakeholder analysis. public relations consultation services relating to the provision of stakeholder analysis services. "
"situation and stakeholder analysis and communications planning services. public relations consultation services relating to the planning of professional communications and the provision of associated situation and stakeholder analysis and reporting. communication planning. public relations consultation services relating to the development of communications plans. "
"publicity and marketing support services. public relations consultation services relating to provision of publicity and marketing advice and services. . "
"publicity and marketing support services. public relations consultation services relating to provision of publicity and marketing advice and services. trade and tourism familiarization service. services to develop trade and tourism in a city/country as well as help improve the economies of communities around them. "
"publicity and marketing support services. public relations consultation services relating to provision of publicity and marketing advice and services. online and social media publicity service. public relations consultation services relating to the creation of online publicity, including via social media. "
"publicity and marketing support services. public relations consultation services relating to provision of publicity and marketing advice and services. publicity and marketing advisory service. public relations consultation services relating to provision of publicity and marketing advice and consultation services. "
"publicity and marketing support services. public relations consultation services relating to provision of publicity and marketing advice and services. public information campaign service. public relations consultation services relating to managing public information campaigns. "
"publicity and marketing support services. public relations consultation services relating to provision of publicity and marketing advice and services. press release and media kit service. public relations consultation services relating to the production and distribution of press releases and media information kits and materials. "
"reputation and brand management services. public relations consultation services relating to brand and reputation management. . "
"reputation and brand management services. public relations consultation services relating to brand and reputation management. reputation management service. public relations consultation services relating to reputation management. "
"reputation and brand management services. public relations consultation services relating to brand and reputation management. brand promotion and management service. public relations consultation services relating to brand management and associated promotional services. "
"media relations services. public relations consultation services relating to media relations and related services. . "
"media relations services. public relations consultation services relating to media relations and related services. media monitoring service. public relations consultation services relating to the provision of media monitoring services. "
"media relations services. public relations consultation services relating to media relations and related services. media relations and advisory service. public relations consultation services relating to media relations. "
"media relations services. public relations consultation services relating to media relations and related services. media training and coaching service. public relations consultation services relating to media training and coaching. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. . "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. volunteer relations and management and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to stakeholder management and engagement with unpaid volunteers. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. investor and shareholder relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to stakeholder management and engagement with internal stakeholders, including staff and managers. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. internal stakeholder relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to managing stakeholder relations and engagement with managers, employees or other internal stakeholders. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. cultural and ethnic group relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to managing stakeholder relations and engagement with cultural or ethnic groups. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. indigenous peoples relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to managing stakeholder relations and engagement with indigenous peoples and cultural groups. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. government relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to managing stakeholder relations and engagement with central, state or local government agencies or departments. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. community relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to managing stakeholder relations and engagement with the wider community and publics. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. not for profit organization relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to managing stakeholder relations and engagement with charities and not for profit organizations. "
"stakeholder management and relations services. public relations services relating to stakeholder management, relations and engagement.. business and utility provider relations consultation and engagement. public relations consultation services relating to managing stakeholder relations and engagement with businesses, including providers of utilities and critical infrastructure. "
"professional communication services. public relations services relating to general professional communications activities and services.. . "
"professional communication services. public relations services relating to general professional communications activities and services.. internal communication service. public relations services relating to contracted professional internal communications services.. "
"professional communication services. public relations services relating to general professional communications activities and services.. project based communications service. public relations consultation services relating to temporary contracted professional communications for projects.. "
"professional communication services. public relations services relating to general professional communications activities and services.. public affairs service. public relations services relating to contracted external professional communications services.. "
"issues and crisis management services. public relations services relating to issues management and crisis management advisory services. . "
"issues and crisis management services. public relations services relating to issues management and crisis management advisory services. crisis management and recovery service. public relations services relating to crisis management and recovery. "
"issues and crisis management services. public relations services relating to issues management and crisis management advisory services. crisis planning and avoidance service. public relations services relating to crisis planning and avoidance. "
"issues and crisis management services. public relations services relating to issues management and crisis management advisory services. change management communication and advisory service. public relations services relating to change management communications and advisory services.. "
"issues and crisis management services. public relations services relating to issues management and crisis management advisory services. issues management and mitigation advisory service. public relations services relating to issues management and mitigation advisory services. "
"sponsorships. within a business or professional context, refers to a person or organization with some sort of responsibility for another person or organisation as for example a supporter of an event, activity, or person for product/service marketing or other objectives.. . "
"sponsorships. within a business or professional context, refers to a person or organization with some sort of responsibility for another person or organisation as for example a supporter of an event, activity, or person for product/service marketing or other objectives.. academic sponsorship. sponsorship of an individual, group or event by an educational group, program or organization --such as a college, university or academic alliance.  sponsorship activity can take many forms including event banners, breakfast, gold, platinum, even booth space on a show floor, all for a fee.. "
"sponsorships. within a business or professional context, refers to a person or organization with some sort of responsibility for another person or organisation as for example a supporter of an event, activity, or person for product/service marketing or other objectives.. government sponsorship. sponsorship of an event, person, or organization by a governmental or public sector body.. "
"sponsorships. within a business or professional context, refers to a person or organization with some sort of responsibility for another person or organisation as for example a supporter of an event, activity, or person for product/service marketing or other objectives.. corporate sponsorship. sponsorship of an event --including parts or levels of an event such as food, entertainment, space, decorations, transportation, speakers, etc.-- by a private sector individual, group or organization usually for a fee.. "
