"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. . "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. handyman services. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. disaster proofing or contingency services. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. locksmith services. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. elevator maintenance services. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. building maintenance service. building maintenance services. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. floor cleaning services. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. fire protection system and equipment maintenance or repair service. maintenance and repair of fire protection systems and related equipment. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. plumbing system maintenance or repair. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. air conditioning installation or maintenance or repair service. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. hoist construction service. surface to mineface lift construction service used for underground mining. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. offsite construction service. for contractors working on locations peripheral to a project location. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. refuse area construction service. construction services for refuse area used by mining companies. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. subsidence service work. repair work done to structures damaged or threatened by sinking soil.. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. fire extinguisher inspection maintenance and repair service. service that includes inspection, testing, certification, repair and replacement. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. portable generator maintenance and or repair service. service to maintain and or repair portable generators. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. portable generator rental service. service to provide rental of portable generator equipment. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. gas fitting installation service. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. roof framing service. "
"building maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of buildings.. building framing service. "
"pest control. . "
"pest control. bird proofing services. "
"pest control. termite control services. "
"pest control. extermination or fumigation services. "
"pest control. structural pest control. "
"pest control. animal trapping. "
"pest control. rodent control. "
"facility maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of facilities.. . "
"facility maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of facilities.. landscaping services. "
"facility maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of facilities.. snow removal services. "
"facility maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of facilities.. exterior grounds maintenance. "
"facility maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of facilities.. landscape architecture service. service involving the design and development of landscapes. "
"conveyance systems installation and repair. installation and repair of systems for conveyance of people and material.. . "
"conveyance systems installation and repair. installation and repair of systems for conveyance of people and material.. material conveyance system installation. installation of mechanical systems for material conveyance.. "
"conveyance systems installation and repair. installation and repair of systems for conveyance of people and material.. material conveyance system repair. repair of mechanical systems for material conveyance.. "
"conveyance systems installation and repair. installation and repair of systems for conveyance of people and material.. aboveground conveyor service. service work to conveyor structure and belt located aboveground.. "
"conveyance systems installation and repair. installation and repair of systems for conveyance of people and material.. underground conveyor service. service work on conveyor structure and belt located underground.. "
"infrastructure maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of infrastructure.. . "
"infrastructure maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of infrastructure.. parking lot or road maintenance or repairs or services. "
"infrastructure maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of infrastructure.. telecom equipment maintenance or support. "
"infrastructure maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of infrastructure.. parking lot or road sweeping services. "
"infrastructure maintenance and repair services. this class includes all services related to the maintenance and repair of infrastructure.. drain laying service. "
