"pathology instrumentation. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. . "
"pathology instrumentation. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. tissue processing equipment. in this classification, tissue processing equipment connotes a device used to process human or animal tissue so it can be utilized to visualize normal and abnormal structures. us fda regulates tissue processing equipment under 21 cfr 864.3010 and under fda product code ket.. "
"pathology instrumentation. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. specimen transport and storage container. in this classification specimen transport or storage container connotes a device used in the storage or transport of various types of human or animal specimens. us fda regulates specimen transport and storage container under 21 cfr 864.3250 and under fda product code kdt.. "
"pathology instrumentation. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. otc test sample collection systems for drugs of abuse testing. in this classification, (otc) over-the-counter test sample collection systems for drugs of abuse testing are restricted devices used for sample testing that shall be performed in a laboratory using screening tests that have been approved, cleared, or otherwise recognized by the food and drug administration as accurate and reliable for the testing of such specimens for identifying drugs of abuse or their metabolites us fda regulates otc test sample collection systems for drugs of abuse testing under 21 cfr 864.3260 and under fda product code mpq.. "
"pathology instrumentation. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. device for sealing microsections. in this classification, a device for sealing microsections is an automated instrument used to seal stained cells and microsections for histological and cytological examination. us fda regulates device for sealing microsections under 21 cfr 864.34 and under fda product code kim.. "
"pathology instrumentation. in this classification, these entries connote the instrumentation used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. microscopes and accessories. in this classification microscopes and accessories are devices and their accessories that are an optical instrument having a magnifying lens or a combination of lenses for inspecting objects too small to be seen or too small to be seen distinctly and in detail by the unaided eye us fda regulates microscopes and accessories under 21 cfr 864.36 and under fda product code keh.. "
"pathology  accessories. in this classification, these entries connote accessories used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. . "
"pathology  accessories. in this classification, these entries connote accessories used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. automated slide stainer. in this classification an automated slide stainer uses specific labeled antibodies, conjugated enzymes, and peroxidase to individual slides, which are applied in a specific predetermined order. these reagents are applied in small, controlled volumes to the tissue on the slides; slides are not immersed in the reagents. us fda regulates automated slide stainer under 21 cfr 864.3800 and under fda product code kpa.. "
"pathology  accessories. in this classification, these entries connote accessories used in association with pathological laboratory procedures.. automated tissue processor. in this classification an automated tissue processor is a device that without manual intervention prepares very thin, high quality sections (slices) mounted on glass slides and appropriately stained to demonstrate normal and abnormal structures. us fda regulates automated tissue processor under 21 cfr 864.3875 and under fda product code ieo.. "
