"tape. . "
"tape. duct tape. "
"tape. electrical insulating tape. "
"tape. masking tape. "
"tape. carpet tape. "
"tape. double sided tape. "
"tape. bismalemide tape. "
"tape. fiberglass tape. "
"tape. graphite tape. "
"tape. nylon tape. "
"tape. resin impregnated tape. "
"tape. wire mesh tape. "
"tape. transparent tape. "
"tape. non skid safety tapes. "
"tape. polytetrafluoroethylene ptfe thread sealing tape. "
"tape. paper tapes. "
"tape. reflective tape. "
"tape. packaging tape. "
"tape. electrically conductive tape. "
"tape. pipe or hose repair tape. "
"tape. aisle marking tape. "
"tape. foil tape. "
"tape. adhesive transfer tape. "
"tape. cloth tape. "
"tape. color coding tape. "
"tape. vinyl tape. "
"tape. magnetic tape. "
"tape. foam tapes. "
"tape. rigging tape. "
"tape.  line tape. all types of line tape.. "
"tape.  aluminum foil tape. an adhesive-coated fastening tape made of aluminum used for temporary or, in some cases, permanent adhesion between objects. commonly used in air-conditioning duct work.. "
"tape.  polyethylene tape. an adhesive-coated fastening tape wherein the carrier material is made of polyethylene. it has electrical insulation for all applications, also used to mechanically protect the joint.. "
"tape.  polyvinyl chloride pvc tape. an adhesive-coated fastening tape whose carrier is made of polyvinyl chloride (pvc).. "
"tape.  lead foil tape. a type of foil tape with lead foil as the carrier material and an adhesive as backing. used as a barrier against humidity and radiation in some situations.. "
"tape.  rubber tape. an adhesive-coated fastening tape whose carrier is made of rubber. coating can vary by chemical composition of adhesive material.. "
"tape.  cable splicing tape. tape used to repair cable used in undergroud mining. must be approved for use in application.. "
"tape.  polyethylene fleece tape. adhesive backed fleeced or flocked pet film used as a gap filler or to prevent squeak, buzz and rattle.. "
"tape.  tear tape. type of tape used in packing and office supplies.. "
"tape.  photoluminescent tape. industrial adhesive tapes with phosphorescent, photoluminescent or reflective properties used to mark aisleways, stairs and egress locations in low or no light situations. "
"adhesives. . "
"adhesives. chemical adhesives. "
"adhesives. pastes. "
"adhesives. gums. "
"adhesives. rubber cements. "
"adhesives. putties. "
"adhesives. caulks. "
"adhesives. epoxy bond. "
"adhesives. foam adhesives. "
"adhesives. hot melt adhesives. "
"adhesives. glues. "
"adhesives. film adhesives. "
"adhesives. re usable adhesive. "
"adhesives. adhesive activators. "
"adhesives. liquid adhesives. "
"adhesives. solvent cements. "
"adhesives. drywall joint compound. "
"adhesives.  instant adhesive. a type of contact adhesive usually comprised of cyanoacrlylate --a generic name for substances such as methyl-2-cyanoacrylate- that cures quickly and is used with wood, metals, rubber and plastics.. "
"adhesives.  reactive adhesive. a type of adhesive that works by chemical bonding with the surface material. it is usually applied in thin films.. "
"adhesives.  aerosol adhesive. an adhesive that is applied as an air spray on the workpieces.. "
"adhesives.  multi purpose adhesive. a type of multi-purpose glue that can be used to bind many different types of materials together. constituent materials vary.. "
"adhesives.  contact adhesive. a type of adhesive that works only through the contact of two surfaces. it is fast drying, flammable and can be composed of different materials such as latex or rubber.. "
"adhesives.  mounting adhesive. a type of adhesive used for attaching a graphic image --a photograph, print or poster, for example-- to a board substrate which may be rigid or semi-rigid.. "
"adhesives.  putty primer. a first coat or layer of material given to any surface prior to application of putty.. "
"adhesives.  pressure sensitive adhesive psa. a type of adhesive that forms a bond through the application of light pressure to the material to be bonded.. "
"adhesives.  anaerobic adhesive. a type of adhesive that cures in the absence of air.. "
"adhesives.  silicone adhesive. a liquid adhesive containing silicone used in a variety of applications. "
"adhesives.  fluorocarbon adhesive. adhesive substance containing a significant percentage of a fluorocarbon elastomer. "
"adhesives.  acrylic anerobic adhesive. acrylic based adhesive that cures in the absence of oxygen. "
"adhesives.  polyurethane adhesive. polyurethane polymer based liquid adhesive. "
"adhesives.  cyanoacrylate adhesive. aggressive fast acting liquid adhesive based on various cyanoacrylate compounds. "
"adhesives.  foam type water stop material for communication. a product that foams and hardens when injected into empty hole in pipeline and gaps as a foaming resin.. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. . "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. thread sealant. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. impregnation sealant. type of sealant designed for use with micro porosity in castings, powder metal parts, gemstones, ceramics, plastics and other porous substrates. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. silicone encapsulation. potting of electronic components using silicone based materials. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. foam sealant. used to seal, waterproof, and protect various items in a variety of situations. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. sealing compound. a compound used to seal electrical boxes, enclosures and cable fittings. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. sealing wax. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. silicone conformal coating. a material containing silicone used to coat electronic component circuitry for protection against environmental or physical damage. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. acrylic conformal coating. an acrylic based material used to coat electronic component circuitry for protection against environmental or physical damage. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. polyurethane conformal coating. a polyurethane based material used to coat electronic component circuitry for protection against environmental or physical damage. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. epoxy conformal coating. an epoxy based material used to coat electronic component circuitry for protection against environmental or physical damage. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. parylene conformal coating. a chemical vapor deposited polymer used to coat electronic component circuitry for protection against environmental or physical damage. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. silicone sealant. a material containing silicone used to seal surfaces and joints in a variety of applications. "
"sealants. a group of products used to close small openings that are difficult to shut with other materials, such as concrete, drywall, etc.  desirable properties of sealants include insolubility, corrosion resistance, and adhesion. uses of sealants vary widely and sealants are used in many industries, for example, construction, automotive and aerospace industries.  the main difference between adhesives and sealants is that sealants typically have lower strength and higher elongation than do adhesives. since the main objective of a sealant is to seal assemblies and joints, sealants need to have sufficient adhesion to the substrates and resistance to environmental conditions to remain bonded over the required life of the assembly.  sealants fall between higher-strength adhesives at one end and extremely low-strength putties and caulks at the other.. polyurethane sealant. polyurethane polymer based sealant used to fill spaces and or protect components. "
