"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. . "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. ploughs. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. harrows. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. cultivators. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. weeders. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. hoeing machines. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. graders or land levelers. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. agricultural rollers. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. rollers for lawn or sports grounds. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. trencher drainage machine. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. disks. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. subsoilers. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation. dibblers. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  rotary tiller or power tiller. a motorised cultivator that works the soil by means of rotating tines or blades. rotary tillers are either self-propelled or drawn as an attachment behind either a two-wheel tractor or four-wheel tractor.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  soil sterilizer. a machine that injects soil fumigant into the soil in order to exterminate pests, particularly soil nematodes.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  soil injector. a device that mechanically injects substances into a specific stratum of the soil without mixing the soil or mycorrhizae.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  flame thrower. a device that throws out flame by igniting the liquid fuel being sprayed using compressed air and compressed gas.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  fertilizer mixer. a device used to mix fertilizer or agrichemicals with water at the appropriate concentration prior to watering.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  ridge plough or plow. a type of plow used for crops, such as potatoes or scallions, which are grown buried in ridges of soil using a technique called ridging or hilling. a ridging plough has two mouldboards facing away from each other, cutting a deep furrow on each pass, with high ridges either side. the same plough may be used to split the ridges to harvest the crop.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  automated management system for agricultural machinery. a device mounted on agricultural machinery that automatically samples and analyzes soil and uses resulting data to set work scope and route generation for the machine. provides data on plant growth and harvesting.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  levee banking machine. machine which helps to make a bank made with soil between rice fields. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  stone collection machine. machine which collects stones in fields. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  farming excavator. small farming vehicle with wheels or tracks which weighs less than 1 ton.. "
"agricultural machinery for soil preparation.  stump cutting machine. machine which removes tree stumps with motorized blades. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. . "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. planters. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. transplanters. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. grain drills. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. seed drills. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. seed treating equipment. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. hole diggers. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding. seeder attachment. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding.  plant growth cabinet or chamber. a type of equipment that enables germinated seedlings to grow in a protected environment using artificial or natural light.. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding.  seed bed. a specially prepared cold frame, hotbed or raised bed used to grow seedlings in a controlled environment into larger young plants before transplanting them into a garden or field.. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding.  soil covering machine. a machine that covers sections of field containing transplanted seedlings with vinyl or other material after harvest to prevent environmental pollution.. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding.  fertilizer flow rate controller. a type of equipment that automatically controls the timing and quantity of fertilizer dispensed in agricultural operations.. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding.  seed germinator. a type of equipment that promotes uniform germination by maintaining appropriate temperature and humidity by piling up seedbed boxes on truck in order for seeds to be uniformly developed.. "
"agricultural machinery for planting and seeding.  air seeder. machine that allows consistent delivery from the seed-metering device to the seedbed via an air delivery method.. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. . "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. mowers. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. haymaking machinery. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. harvesters. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. combine harvesters. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. threshing machines. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. crop dividers. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. harvester parts or accessories. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting. mower parts or accessories. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting.  baler. a piece of farm machinery used to compress a cut and raked crop such as hay, straw, or silage into compact bales that are easy to handle, transport and store.. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting.  harvest dryer. a machine that dries wet grain following harvesting to the moisture level appropriate for storage in order to prevent deterioration and improve quality of stored grain.. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting.  corn sheller. a machine that detaches grains such as corn, beans and peanuts from the heart or stalk.. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting.  cut flower automatic binding machine. a machine that removes stems and leaves and binds cut flowers at the time of harvesting.. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting.  cotton ginning machine. machine that separates rapid and easily cotton fibers from cotton husks and sticky seeds, it uses a screen and some wire hooks that push cotton while some brushes remove loose cotton threads to prevent obstructions.. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting.  garlic separating machine. device which separates cloves of garlic with frictional force generated by rotation of a cylinder. "
"agricultural machinery for harvesting.  baler parts or accessories. spare parts and accessories for a piece of farm machinery used to compress a cut and raked crop (such as hay, cotton, flax straw, salt marsh hay, or silage) into compact bales that are easy to handle, transport, and store.. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. . "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. sprayers. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. dusters. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. water sprinklers. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. fertilizer spreaders or distributors. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. fog or mist generators. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. composter. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. pollination equipment or supplies. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture. frost protection equipment. "
"dispersing and spraying appliances for agriculture.  grain fumigation system. a type of equipment that sterilizes by fumigating grain storage bins or boxes with methyl bromide, sulfural fluoride or carbon gas, in order to protect grain or fruit from insects during storage or transportation.. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. . "
"poultry and livestock equipment. milking machines. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. animal husbandry equipment. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. incubators or brooders for poultry. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. feed mixers. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. livestock identification equipment. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. egg inspection or collecting equipment. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. animal watering machines. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. milk cooling tanks. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. animal shearing or clipping equipment. "
"poultry and livestock equipment.  wool comb. a type of comb used to straighten, arrange and lay parallel by length the fibers of wool prior to further treatment.. "
"poultry and livestock equipment.  poultry manure composter. a machine that makes compost by drying poultry droppings with fire after having processed it with sulfuric acid or fermentation in order to use it as fertilizer.. "
"poultry and livestock equipment.  livestock restraint chute. a stall used to confine livestock while administering injections, performing surgical operations, administering drugs, performing artificial insemination, assessment of pregnancy, treatment and castration.. "
"poultry and livestock equipment.  debeaker. a device designed to cut off the beak of chicken or other fowl.. "
"poultry and livestock equipment.  livestock electric fence. an electrically charged device designed to control and protect livestock using psychological methods.. "
"poultry and livestock equipment.  pig backfat tester. a measuring device for determining the weight of lean meat and the fat content in the back of pigs in order to establish a rating.. "
"poultry and livestock equipment. milking machine parts and accessories. "
"poultry and livestock equipment.  livestock feeder. a feed holder, such as fixed holder or trailer-mounted hopper, delivering feed or fodder to cattle, sheep, horses and other livestock.. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. . "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. cleaning machines for seed or grain or dried leguminous vegetables. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. sorting machines for seed or grain or dried leguminous vegetables. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. grading machines for seed or grain or dried leguminous vegetables. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. rice cleaning or hulling equipment. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. grinding mills. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. hammer mills. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading.  fruit sorter. a machine that automatically identifies and sorts sizes of fruit according to predetermined standards.. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading.  barley cleaning or hulling equipment. a milling machine that removes the skin of barley, rice barley or other grains to make the white and rounded grains to cook rice appropriately.. "
"agricultural machinery for cleaning and sorting and grading. cleaning, sorting, and grading machine parts and accessories. "
"agricultural processing machinery and equipment. . "
"agricultural processing machinery and equipment. agricultural briquetting or pelting machines. "
"agricultural processing machinery and equipment.  oil seed expeller. a machine that extracts oil or solution by exerting pressure on seeds of grain such as corn, sesame, bean, pepper and pumpkin or meat of fruits such as apricot, coconut and walnut.. "
"forestry machinery and equipment. . "
"forestry machinery and equipment. decorticators. "
"forestry machinery and equipment. lumbering equipment. "
"forestry machinery and equipment. reforestation equipment. "
"forestry machinery and equipment. forestry saws. "
"forestry machinery and equipment. forestry skidders. "
"forestry machinery and equipment. forestry increment borers. "
"forestry machinery and equipment. forestry ipsometer. "
"forestry machinery and equipment.  log splitter. a piece of machinery or equipment used for splitting firewood from softwood or hardwood logs.. "
"forestry machinery and equipment.  forestry winch. machine equipped with motor, power transfer unit, drum, and wire rope to collect logged wood.. "
"greenhouse equipment. . "
"greenhouse equipment. greenhouse irrigation equipment. "
"greenhouse equipment. greenhouse pots. "
"greenhouse equipment. greenhouse ventilation equipment. "
"greenhouse equipment. greenhouse isolation equipment. "
"greenhouse equipment.  agricultural sun shade material. an agricultural material used for the purpose of prevention of sunlight from entering the greenhouse or thermal insulation of the greenhouse.. "
"greenhouse equipment.  hydroponic fertilizer injector. a type of equipment that supplies liquid fertilizer necessary for plant growth along with fresh air by circulating it around the root system.. "
"insect equipment. . "
"insect equipment. beekeeping equipment. "
"insect equipment. silkworm equipment. "
"insect equipment. butterfly breeding equipment. "
"insect equipment. beetle breeding equipment. "
"insect equipment.  insect catcher net. long-handled net designed to catch flying insects. "
"irrigation systems and equipment. equipment and components involved in the artificial application of water to the land or soil. they are used to assist in the growing of agricultural crops, maintenance of landscapes, and revegetation of disturbed soils in dry areas and during periods of inadequate rainfall.. . "
"irrigation systems and equipment. equipment and components involved in the artificial application of water to the land or soil. they are used to assist in the growing of agricultural crops, maintenance of landscapes, and revegetation of disturbed soils in dry areas and during periods of inadequate rainfall.. irrigation trickles. "
"irrigation systems and equipment. equipment and components involved in the artificial application of water to the land or soil. they are used to assist in the growing of agricultural crops, maintenance of landscapes, and revegetation of disturbed soils in dry areas and during periods of inadequate rainfall.. irrigation overheads. "
"irrigation systems and equipment. equipment and components involved in the artificial application of water to the land or soil. they are used to assist in the growing of agricultural crops, maintenance of landscapes, and revegetation of disturbed soils in dry areas and during periods of inadequate rainfall.. irrigation parts and accessories. "
"agricultural protection materials. items such as sun shade material, specialized agricultural plastic films etc. used to protect agricultural products. . "
"agricultural protection materials. items such as sun shade material, specialized agricultural plastic films etc. used to protect agricultural products. plastic film for agriculture. specialized type of plastic fillm designed for agricultural applications to provide crop protection. "
