"dyes. . "
"dyes. fluorescent dyes. "
"dyes. phthalein dyes. "
"dyes. rosaniline dyes. "
"dyes. food or drug or cosmetic safe fdc dyes. "
"dyes. laked. "
"dyes. natural dyes. "
"dyes.  sulfur dye. sulfur dyes are two part \"developed\" dyes used to dye cotton with dark colors such as the dark black in socks and the indigo blue of the common blue jean. these are some of the most extensively used dyes in the textile industry.. "
"dyes.  vat dye. vat dyes are essentially insoluble in water and incapable of dyeing fibres directly. however, reduction in alkaline liquor produces the water soluble alkali metal salt of the dye, which, in this leuco form, has an affinity for the textile fibre.. "
"dyes.  reactive dye. reactive dyes utilize a chromophore containing a substituent that is capable of directly reacting with the fibre substrate. the covalent bonds that attach the reactive dye to natural fibers make it among the most permanent of dyes.. "
"dyes.  solvent dye. a solvent dye is a dye soluble in organic solvents. it is usually used to color organic solvents, hydrocarbon fuels, waxes, lubricants, plastics, and other hydrocarbon-based nonpolar materials.. "
"dyes.  acid dye. acid dye is a member of a class of dye that is applied from an acidic solution. in the home or art studio, the acid used in the dyebath is often vinegar (acetic acid) or citric acid.. "
"pigments. . "
"pigments. inorganic metal oxides. "
"pigments. carbon black. "
"pigments. titanium dioxide. "
"pigments. organic pigments. "
"pigments.  zeaxanthin. zeaxanthin is one of the most common carotenoid alcohols found in nature. it is the pigment that gives paprika,corn, saffron, and many other plants their characteristic color.it is also found in the macula of the human retina, as well as the human crystalline lens.there it is thought to play a role in protection against age-related macular degeneration (amd) and age-related cataract formation.it may also protect against some forms of cancer.. "
"pigments.  paris green. a common name for copper(ii)-acetoarsenite, or c.i. pigment green 21, an extremely toxic blue green chemical used as a pigment.. "
"pigments.  caput mortuum. a purple variety of haematite iron oxide pigment also known as cardinal purple used in oil paints and paper dyes.. "
"pigments.  cadmium green. a class of pigments that have cadmium as one of the chemical components.result of mixing cadmium yellow with viridian to give a bright, pale green mixture called cadmium green.. "
"pigments.  cadmium orange. a class of pigments that have cadmium as one of the chemical components.cadmium orange is an intermediate cadmium sulfoselenide.. "
"pigments.  cadmium yellow. a class of pigments that have cadmium as one of the chemical components.cadmium yellow is cadmium sulfide (cds).. "
"pigments.  cadmium red. a class of pigments that have cadmium as one of the chemical components.cadmium red is cadmium selenide (cdse).. "
"pigments.  red ochre. a pigment made from naturally tinted clay. it has been used worldwide since prehistoric times. chemically, it is hydrated iron (iii). oxide.. "
"pigments.  yellow ochre. a pigment made from naturally tinted clay. it has been used worldwide since prehistoric times. chemically, it is hydrated iron (iii) oxide.. "
"pigments.  sanguine. a red earth pigment used in the manufacture of artists chalks or pastels.. "
"pigments.  prussian blue. a dark blue pigment used in paints and formerly in blueprints.alternative names: preu\u00a9\u00acischblau or berliner blau (german); berlin blue (english).. "
"pigments.  venetian red. a light and warm pigment that provides a darker shade of scarlet, derived from nearly pure ferric oxide (fe2o3) of the hematite type.. "
"pigments.  chrome green. one of the principal oxides of chromium used as a pigment.commonly called institutional green.. "
"pigments.  aureolin. a pigment used in oil and watercolor painting.sometimes called cobalt yellow, its chemical composition is potassium cobaltinitrite.. "
"pigments.  chrome yellow. a natural yellow pigment made of lead chromate (pbcro4). because it tends to oxidize and darken on exposure to air over time, and contains lead, it has been largely replaced by cadmium yellow.. "
"pigments.  fluorescent pigment. an inorganic pigment that radiates fluorescent light upon contact with radiant ray or electron beam with wavelength shorter than visible ray or ultraviolet ray.. "
"color compounds and dispersions. . "
"color compounds and dispersions. polymer masterbatches. "
"color compounds and dispersions. pigment dispersions. "
"color compounds and dispersions. inks. "
