"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. . "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. single family home parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a single family home. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. apartment building parcel. a defined piece of land used to house an apartment building. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. cooperative apartment parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a cooperative apartment building. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. condominium parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a condominium building. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. dormitory parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a dormitory building. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. housing subdivision parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a housing subdivision. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. hotel parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a hotel. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. motel parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a motel. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. mobile home parcel. a defined piece of land used to house a mobile home. "
"residential land parcel. a defined piece of land used for a residential purpose. mobile home park. a defined piece of land used to house a mobile home park. "
"commercial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house commercial businesses. . "
"commercial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house commercial businesses. business park. a defined piece of land used to house a business park. "
"commercial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house commercial businesses. office campus. a defined piece of land used to house a office campus. "
"commercial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house commercial businesses. strip mall site. a defined piece of land used to house a strip mall. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. . "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. airpark. a defined piece of land used to house an airpark. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. assembly plant site. a defined piece of land used to house an assembly plant. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. factory site. a defined piece of land used to house a factory. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. manufacturing plant site. a defined piece of land used to house a manufacturing plant. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. marina site. a defined piece of land used to house a marina. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. packing plant site. a defined piece of land used to house a packing plant. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. telecommunication site. a defined piece of land used to house a telecommunications site. "
"industrial land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house industrial concerns. utility site. a defined piece of land used to house a utility. "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. . "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. army base. a defined piece of land used to house an army base. "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. naval base. a defined piece of land used to house a naval base. "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. air force base. a defined piece of land used to house an air force base. "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. marine base. a defined piece of land used to house a marine base. "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. national or state park. a defined piece of land used to house a national or state park. "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. national guard base. a defined piece of land used to house a national guard base. "
"governmental land parcels. a defined piece of land used to house governmental operations. maintenance yard. a defined piece of land used to house a maintenance yard. "
"agricultural land. a defined piece of land used for agricultural operations. . "
"agricultural land. a defined piece of land used for agricultural operations. farm. a defined piece of land used to grow crops. "
"agricultural land. a defined piece of land used for agricultural operations. ranch. a defined piece of land used to raise livestock. "
"agricultural land. a defined piece of land used for agricultural operations. orchard. a defined piece of land used to manage crop bearing trees. "
