"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. . "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. automotive motor ac. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. brake motor ac. ac motor for a braking device.. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. farm duty motor ac. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. heating and cooling system motor ac. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. inverter motor ac. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. pump motor ac. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. compressor motor ac. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. synchronous motor ac. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. multispeed motor ac. a motor wound in such a way that varying connections at the starter can change the speed to a predetermined speed.. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. pressure washer motor ac. a type of motor designed for use in pressure washers and steam cleaners.. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. general purpose motor ac. a motor having a nema \"\"b\"\" design, listed and offered in standard ratings, with standard operating characteristics and mechanical construction for use under usual service conditions without restriction to a particular application or type of application (nema).\u00a0. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. submersible motor ac. a motor designed to operate while submerged in liquid.. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. induction motor ac. a type of electrical alternating current motor.. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. multi phase motor ac. a type of electrical alternating current motor.. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. single phase motor ac. a type of electrical alternating current motor.. "
"electric alternating current ac motors. electric motors that use alternating electrical current.. vertical hollowshaft motor ac. a type of definite purpose motor developed to meet the specific needs of the vertical turbine pump industry. employs a hollow shaft through which a pump shaft is extended. adjustments to lift the impellers and give a running clearance for the pump casing can be made by turning a nut threaded on the shaft which is accessible at the top portion of the motor. vertical turbine pump shafts are usually composed of many lengths joined by screw thread couplings.. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. . "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. shunt wound motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. step motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. coreless motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. series wound motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. servo motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. limited angle torque motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. linear motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. permanent magnet motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. brushless motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. compound wound motor dc. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. ultrasonic or vibration motor. a type of electric motor powered by the ultrasonic vibration of a component, the stator, placed against another component, the rotor or slider depending on the scheme of operation rotation or linear translation. it is used mainly in communication equipment such as mobile phone, etc.. "
"electric direct current dc motors. electric motors that use direct electrical current.. spindle motor. electric motor with outstanding ability to withstand spontaneous overload due to high torque, and is used for main axle of computer numerical control cnc tooling machine and dedicated machines and equipment requiring high speed revolution.. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. . "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. air motor. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. alternator. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. dynamotor. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. hydraulic motor. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. liquid rocket motor. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. solid rocket motor. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. torque motor. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. universal motor. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. axial piston motor. the axial piston motor is a type of hydraulic motor which has six pistons mounted axially ie., along the shaft contained in a swash plate which is fixed to the pump shaft when hydraulic oil flows into it, the oil operates the piston, which in turn will rotate the output shaft. "
"non electric motors. includes those motors that do not derive power from electrical energy.. radial piston motor. a radial piston motor is a type of hydraulic motor which has six pistons mounted radially to the shaft. when hydraulic oil flows into it, the oil operates the piston, which in turn will rotate the output shaft.. "
"motor or generator components. . "
"motor or generator components. armature. "
"motor or generator components. motor base adapter. "
"motor or generator components. motor brake. "
"motor or generator components. motor brush. "
"motor or generator components. motor coil. "
"motor or generator components. motor mount or base. "
"motor or generator components.  motor pole. component used to build servo torque motors.. "
"motor or generator components.  motor rotor. the rotor is part of the motor that revolves.. "
"motor or generator components.  motor stator. a stator is made up of windings that are inserted into a lamination stack. the stator is stationary and is mounted in the motor housing; when electric current is applied the stator provides a magnetic field that enables a rotor to revolve.. "
"motor or generator components.  motor lamination. laminations are stamped parts made of special low-carbon, high-silicon steel used in the production of electric motors.. "
"motor or generator components. motor repair kit. "
"motor or generator components.  motor casing or cover. enclosures for motor protection. "
"motor or generator components.  motor brush carrier. motor component designed to properly contain and position motor brushes. "
"motor or generator components.  motor commutator. a device commonly used for torque smoothing in electric motors. "
"engines. . "
"engines. hydraulic engines. "
"engines. pneumatic engines. "
"engines.   gasoline engines. a type of internal combustion engine that uses the explosion of a petroleum based fuel, caused by a spark, to expand a gas thus pushing a piston. there are two and four stroke engines. the thermodynamic cycle used is known as the otto cycle.. "
"engines. diesel engines. "
"engines. steam engines. "
"engines. turbine engines. "
"engines. turbofan engines. "
"engines. thermal engines. "
"engines. hydroelectric engines. "
"engines. rotary engines. "
"engines. hydraulic turbine engines. "
"engines. turboprop engines. "
"engines. engine repair kit. "
"engines.  jet engine. an internal combustion engine which uses high-temperature gas produced by combustion of fuel using oxygen in the inside of the engine.the gas is discharged through the jet nozzle, which generates thrust in reaction.. "
"engines.  gasoline outboard motor. a gasoline engine mounted outboard of a small boat for propulsion.. "
"engine components and accessories. . "
"engine components and accessories. aircraft burners. "
"engine components and accessories. aircraft engine compressors. "
"engine components and accessories. aircraft engine diffusers. "
"engine components and accessories. engine mounts. "
"engine components and accessories. aircraft drive shafts power take offs or screw jacks. "
"engine components and accessories. aircraft transmission units. "
"engine components and accessories. balance shafts. "
"engine components and accessories. cam followers. "
"engine components and accessories. camshaft lifters. "
"engine components and accessories. carburetors. "
"engine components and accessories. connecting rods. "
"engine components and accessories. crankcase ventilation valves. "
"engine components and accessories. cylinder heads. "
"engine components and accessories. engine covers or pans. "
"engine components and accessories. engine forgings. "
"engine components and accessories. engine heaters. "
"engine components and accessories. engine ignition systems. "
"engine components and accessories. supercharger. "
"engine components and accessories. turbocharger. "
"engine components and accessories. engine pulleys. "
"engine components and accessories. fuel vapor canister. "
"engine components and accessories. glow plugs. "
"engine components and accessories. oil dip sticks or tubes. "
"engine components and accessories. oil strainers. "
"engine components and accessories. piston rings. "
"engine components and accessories. push rod tubes. "
"engine components and accessories. rocker arm balls. "
"engine components and accessories. rocker arm shafts. "
"engine components and accessories. rocker arms. "
"engine components and accessories. spark plugs. "
"engine components and accessories. carburetor jet. "
"engine components and accessories. carburetor diaphragms. "
"engine components and accessories. oil pan. "
"engine components and accessories. pistons. "
"engine components and accessories. timing chain. "
"engine components and accessories. intake manifolds. "
"engine components and accessories. fuel injectors. "
"engine components and accessories. engine sleeves. "
"engine components and accessories. fuel injection manifolds. "
"engine components and accessories. engine valves. "
"engine components and accessories. push rods. "
"engine components and accessories. engine flywheel. "
"engine components and accessories. crankshaft. "
"engine components and accessories. throttle. "
"engine components and accessories. engine valve seat. "
"engine components and accessories. valve guide. "
"engine components and accessories. carburetor adapters. "
"engine components and accessories. spark plug fittings. "
"engine components and accessories. rocker arm adjusters. "
"engine components and accessories. starter adapters. "
"engine components and accessories. choke rods. "
"engine components and accessories. camshaft plugs. "
"engine components and accessories. engine component linkages. "
"engine components and accessories. freeze plugs. "
"engine components and accessories. cylinder liners. "
"engine components and accessories. vibration dampers. "
"engine components and accessories. governors. "
"engine components and accessories.  turbine stator. the stator is the very important electrical part of the turbine. it contains all the coils of wire which will have voltage induced in them as the magnets pass over them. its defined as the stator because it is the stationary (it doesnt turn) part of the alternator. "
"engine components and accessories.  turbine shaft. the turbine shaft is the very important part of the turbine.the simplest turbines have one moving part, a rotor assembly, which is a shaft with blades attached.. "
"engine components and accessories.  ignition coil. a device that converts current from a battery into the high-voltage current required by spark plugs.. "
"engine components and accessories.  electronic engine control for gasoline engines. control system for gasoline engines. "
"engine components and accessories.  electronic engine control for diesel engine. control system for diesel automotive engines. "
"engine components and accessories.  injector cleaner. a fluid added to the fuel tank to clean fuel injecting devices. "
"engine components and accessories.  diesel proportional metering valve. valve that can take various configurations used to mix fuel and air in a desired ratio in an automotive diesel fuel system.. "
"engine components and accessories.  canister purge solenoid valve. a specialized mechanism used to control release of vapors from the purge canister in automobile evaporative emissions systems. "
"engine components and accessories.  diesel high pressure valve. specialty valve capable of withstanding extremely high pressures present during compression and combustion phases of an automotive diesel fuel system.. "
"engine components and accessories.  immobilizer coil. a device used as a component of a theft deterrent system in an automotive ignition system such that vehicle starting is enabled only when specific codes are exchanged between the coil and the vehicle key, remote starter or other starting device.. "
"engine components and accessories.  fuel injector coil gasoline. an electronic device that is a component of an automotive electro mechanical actuation system in an automotive gasoline injection system.. "
"engine components and accessories.  fuel injector coil diesel. an electronic device that is a component of an automotive electro mechanical actuation system in an automotive diesel injection system.. "
"engine components and accessories.  wiring harness grommet. a rubber or plastic component with a through hole used to protect wiring harnesses from abrasion, pinching or other damage as they pass through holes in metal or other hard, sharp or otherwise non-compliant materials. "
"engine components and accessories.  oil injector or metering valve. lubricating oil dispensing or metering device that measures and injects lubricant as required.. "
"engine components and accessories.  piston pin. a component that plays the role of connecting link that conveys the gas pressure generated at the time of explosion of gas in the combustion chamber of internal combustion engine from the piston to the connecting rod.. "
"engine components and accessories.  ignition distributor. a device that distributes and regulates the high voltage generated by the ignition coil to each cylinder in an engine and controls the time of ignition in accordance with the number of revolutions of and load on the engine.. "
"engine components and accessories.  hydraulic swivel joint. a component composed of a fluid conveying pipe that can swivel around a fixed shaft enabling hydraulic fluid to flow in two directions.. "
"engine components and accessories.  differential spider. a spider with four radial shaped arms designed to form connecting section between two shafts, one of which rotates while the other shaft is stopped or rotates with different speed or in different direction.. "
"engine components and accessories.  oil strainer element. a pump component that enables filtration by the strainer which is installed on the intake of an oil pump.. "
"engine components and accessories.  valve tappet. a kind of power transmission device that converts the rotational motion of the camshaft into straight line motion of pushrod.. "
"engine components and accessories.  admission valve and rack. valve system and linkage used to moderate steam flow into a turbine and control rpm and power output. "
"engine components and accessories.  piston rod. in a piston engine, component that joins a piston to a connecting rod.. "
"internal combustion engine components. . "
"internal combustion engine components. camshaft. "
"internal combustion engine components. fuel injection nozzle. "
"internal combustion engine components. cylinder block. "
