"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. . "
"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. common or ordinary stock . a security that represents an ownership share in a corporation. holders are typically entitled to vote and receive dividends.  other types of shares preclude or otherwise restrict voting rights.  in the event of liquidation, shareholders usually rank behind the entitys creditors and holders of preferred/preference shares. "
"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. preferred stock. payment of dividends to holders normally takes preference over the payment of dividends to other classes of shares. in the event of liquidation, preferred shares normally rank above ordinary shares but behind creditors of the company. "
"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. preference stock. like the preferred shares, preference shares have a prior claim on dividends, and on assets in an event of corporate liquidation or dissolution. but preferred stock would take precedence over preference stock in respect of dividends and assets that may be available for distribution.  other types of these shares preclude or otherwise restrict voting rights.. "
"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. convertible stock. shares --common or ordinary-- that, at the option of the holder, are convertible into other securities at a designated rate. the conversion privilege may be perpetual or limited to a specific period.  other types of these shares preclude or otherwise restrict voting rights.. "
"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. convertible preferred stock. preferred shares that, at the option of the holder, are convertible into other securities, usually common shares, at a designated rate. the conversion privilege may be perpetual or limited to a specified period.  other types of these shares preclude or otherwise restrict voting rights.. "
"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. convertible preference stock. preference shares that, at the option of the holder, are convertible into other securities, usually common shares, at a designated rate. the conversion privilege may be perpetual or limited to a specified period.  other types of these shares preclude or otherwise restrict voting rights.. "
"equity based securities. financial instruments representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets. unit trust unit. securities representing a portion of assets pooled by investors run by a management company whose share capital remains separate from such assets. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. . "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. bond. any interest-bearing or discounted security that normally obliges the issuer to pay the bondholder a contracted sum of money and to repay the principal amount of the debt. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. convertible bond. a bond that can be converted into other securities. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. bond with warrant attached. a bond that is issued together with one or more warrants attached as part of the offer, the warrants granting the holder the right to purchase a designated security, often the common stock of the issuer of the debt, at a specified price.. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. medium- term note. negotiable debt instrument offered under a program agreement through one or more dealers upon request of the issuer. the program defines the terms and conditions of the note. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. money market instrument. financial instrument designated at issuance as such with a short-term life, usually twelve months or less, e.g. treasury bills, commercial paper. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. asset-backed security. debt instrument backed by receivables other than those arising out of real estate. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. mortgage-backed security. debt instrument backed by a pool of mortgages. "
"debt based securities . financial instruments evidencing moneys owed by the issuer to the holder on specified terms. subordinated debt or debenture. a loan or security that ranks below other loans or securities with regard to claims on assets or earnings.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. . "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. forward contract, financial. a non-standardized contract between two parties to buy or to sell a financial asset at a specified future time at a price agreed upon today.  usually arranged on an over the counter otc basis, e.g., outside of an established exchange, the party agreeing to buy the underlying asset in the future assumes a long position, and the party agreeing to sell the asset in the future assumes a short position. the price agreed upon is called the delivery price, which is equal to the forward price at the time the contract is entered into.  the price of the underlying instrument, in whatever form, is paid before control of the instrument changes.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. forward contract, commodity. a non-standardized contract between two parties to buy or to sell a commodity asset at a specified future time at a price agreed upon today.  usually arranged on an over the counter otc basis, e.g., outside of an established exchange, the party agreeing to buy the underlying commodity asset in the future assumes a long position, and the party agreeing to sell the asset in the future assumes a short position. the price agreed upon is called the delivery price, which is equal to the forward price at the time the contract is entered into.  the price of the underlying commodity, in whatever form, is paid before control of the commodity changes.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. futures contract, financial. a standardized contract between two parties, usually on the floor of a futures exchange, to buy or sell a specified financial asset of standardized quantity and quality for a price agreed upon today --the futures price-- with delivery and payment occurring at a specified future date, the delivery date, making it a type of derivative instrument. the contracts are negotiated at a futures exchange, which acts as an intermediary between the two parties and serves to minimize the risk of default by either party. thus the exchange requires both parties to put up an initial amount of cash --performance bond--, called the margin.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. futures contract, commodity. a standardized contract between two parties, usually on the floor of a futures exchange, to buy or sell a specified bulk commodity --agricultural, extractive, industrial or services-- of standardized quantity and quality for a price agreed upon today --the futures price-- with delivery and payment occurring at a specified future date, the delivery date, making it a type of derivative instrument. the contracts are negotiated at a futures exchange, which acts as an intermediary between the two parties and serves to minimize the risk of default by either party. thus the exchange requires both parties to put up an initial amount of cash --performance bond--, called the margin.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. carbon credit permit or certificate. a tradable certificate or permit representing the right to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide or the mass of another greenhouse gas with a carbon dioxide equivalent tco2e equivalent to one tonne of carbon dioxide.  can be traded in both exchanges and in over the counter otc transactions in voluntary markets.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. certified emission reduction cer unit. a type of emissions unit or carbon credit equivalent to one metric ton of carbon dioxide co2 or its equivalent co2e issued by the clean development mechanism cdm executive board of the united nations framework convention on climate change unfccc for emission reductions achieved by cdm projects and verified by a doe under the rules of the kyoto protocol.  these and similar products are traded in both general futures and options exchanges and specific emissions trading exchanges through regional or international entities such as the european union emission trading scheme.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. renewable energy credit rec. a tradeable credit, usually on an over the counter otc basis, sometimes treated as a carbon offset, although the concepts are distinct. whereas a carbon offset represents a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, a rec represents a quantity of energy produced from renewable sources. to convert recs into offsets, the clean energy must be translated into carbon reductions, typically by assuming that the clean energy is displacing an equivalent amount of conventionally produced electricity from the local grid.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. spot price contract. a contract, usually concluded on the floor of an exchange, for buying or selling a commodity, security or currency for settlement --payment and delivery-- on the spot date, which is normally two business days after the trade date. the settlement price or rate is called spot price or spot rate. a spot contract is in contrast with a forward contract or futures contract where contract terms are agreed now but delivery and payment will occur at a future date.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. swap contract. a contract specifying the exchange of one security for another in order to change the maturity for bonds, quality of issues for stocks or bonds, or because investment objectives have changed.  swap contracts are usually negotiated on an over the counter otc basis, e.g. outside of a futures exchange.  recently, swaps have grown to include currency swaps and interest rate swaps.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. call option contract. a contract between a buyer and a seller, usually on the floor of an exchange, giving the buyer or holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy the assets specified at a fixed price or formula, on or before a specified date. the seller of the call option assumes the obligation of delivering the assets specified should the buyer exercise his option.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. put option contract. a contract between a buyer and a seller, usually on the floor of an exchange, giving the buyer or holder the right, but not the obligation, to sell the assets specified at a fixed price or formula, on or before a specified date. the seller of the put option assumes the obligation of buying the assets specified should the buyer exercise his option.. "
"derivative securities. financial contracts whose value is derived from the performance of assets, interest rates, currency exchange rates, indexes, environmental phenomena, etc. derivative transactions include a wide assortment of financial contracts including structured debt obligations and deposits, swaps, futures, options, caps, floors, collars, forwards and various combinations thereof.  derivatives can be used for a number of purposes - including insuring against price movements --hedging--, increasing exposure to price movements for speculation or getting access to otherwise hard to trade assets or markets.. rainbow option contract. a single option contract between a buyer and a seller, usually on the floor of an exchange, linked to two or more underlying assets. in order for the option to pay off,\u00a0all\u00a0the underlying assets must move in the intended direction.. "
"entitlements or rights. financial instruments providing the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on specified terms. . "
"entitlements or rights. financial instruments providing the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on specified terms. allotment or bonus right. privilege allotted to existing security holders, entitling them to receive new securities free of charge. "
"entitlements or rights. financial instruments providing the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on specified terms. subscription right. privilege allotted to existing security holders, entitling them to subscribe to new securities at a price normally lower than the prevailing market price. "
"entitlements or rights. financial instruments providing the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on specified terms. purchase right. anti-takeover device that gives a prospective acquiree\u2019s shareholders the right to buy shares of the firm or shares of anyone who acquires the firm at a deep discount to their fair market value. "
"entitlements or rights. financial instruments providing the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on specified terms. warrant. financial instrument, non-standardized and usually exchanged in over the counter otc transactions, which permits the holder to purchase a specified amount of the underlying financial instrument, commodity, currency or other during a specified period at a specified price.  differs from a call option in that the company owning the underlying asset is the creator of the warrant, not an exchange, and that exercise of a warrant requires creation of new stock while a call option does not.. "
"structured financial products. financial products that have pre-defined returns and are linked to one or more underlying equities, debt instruments, indices, currencies or rates with payment at one or more future dates. . "
"structured financial products. financial products that have pre-defined returns and are linked to one or more underlying equities, debt instruments, indices, currencies or rates with payment at one or more future dates. principal protected structured financial product. structured financial product offering capital protection. "
"structured financial products. financial products that have pre-defined returns and are linked to one or more underlying equities, debt instruments, indices, currencies or rates with payment at one or more future dates. principal unprotected structured financial product. structured financial product without any capital protection. "
"structured financial products. financial products that have pre-defined returns and are linked to one or more underlying equities, debt instruments, indices, currencies or rates with payment at one or more future dates. exchange traded fund etf. a security that tracks an index, a commodity or a basket of assets like an index fund, but trades like a stock on an exchange.. "
"structured financial products. financial products that have pre-defined returns and are linked to one or more underlying equities, debt instruments, indices, currencies or rates with payment at one or more future dates. single structured product. a security designed to facilitate highly customized risk-return objectives. this is accomplished by taking a traditional single security, and replacing the usual payment features with non-traditional payoffs derived not from the issuers own cash flow, but from the performance of the underlying asset.. "
"structured financial products. financial products that have pre-defined returns and are linked to one or more underlying equities, debt instruments, indices, currencies or rates with payment at one or more future dates. over the rainbow structured product. a security designed to facilitate highly customized risk-return objectives. this is accomplished by taking multiple securitized assets, and replacing the usual payment features with non-traditional payoffs derived not from the issuers own cash flow, but from the performance of all of the underlying assets.. "
"structured financial products. financial products that have pre-defined returns and are linked to one or more underlying equities, debt instruments, indices, currencies or rates with payment at one or more future dates. variable annuity. an annuity is a contract between an individual and an insurance company that is designed to meet retirement and other long-range goals, under which the individual makes a lump-sum purchase payment or series of payments. in return, the insurer agrees to make periodic payments to the annuitant beginning immediately or at some future date.  annuities typically offer tax-deferred growth of earnings and may include a death benefit that will pay a beneficiary a specified minimum amount, such as the total purchase payments.  in a variable annuity, the annuitant can choose to invest his/her purchase payments from among a range of different investment options, typically mutual funds. the rate of return on the purchase payments, and the amount of the periodic payments the annuitant eventually receives, will vary depending on the performance of the investment options selected.. "
