"passenger air transportation. . "
"passenger air transportation. helicopter services. "
"passenger air transportation. commercial airplane travel. "
"passenger air transportation. chartered airplane travel. "
"passenger air transportation. sightseeing service by air. "
"passenger air transportation.  passenger aircraft rental or leasing service. lease of an aircraft for short or long term use. "
"passenger air transportation.  medical evacuation by air ambulance. medical evacuation, often shortened to medevac or medivac,is the timely and efficient movement and en route care provided by medical personnel to wounded being evacuated from a battlefield, to injured patients being evacuated from the scene of an accident to receiving medical facilities, or to patients at a rural hospital requiring urgent care at a better-equipped facility using medically equipped aircraft (air ambulances).. "
"passenger railway transportation. . "
"passenger railway transportation. light rail vehicle transport lrv services. "
"passenger railway transportation. subway transport. "
"passenger railway transportation. continental or inter continental rail services. "
"passenger railway transportation. sightseeing service by rail. "
"passenger marine transportation. . "
"passenger marine transportation. water taxis. "
"passenger marine transportation. overnight ship cruises. "
"passenger marine transportation. sightseeing boat excursions. "
"passenger marine transportation.  marine craft rental or leasing service. a service involving the rental or leasing of marine craft. "
"passenger marine transportation.  oil and gas offshore platform personnel transportation service. service to provide boat and crew to transport personnel to and from offshore facilities. "
"passenger marine transportation. coastal and transoceanic water transport of passengers by ferry. "
"passenger marine transportation. inland water transport of passengers by ferry. "
"passenger road transportation. . "
"passenger road transportation. scheduled bus services. "
"passenger road transportation. chartered bus services. "
"passenger road transportation. taxicab services. "
"passenger road transportation. parking fees. "
"passenger road transportation. vehicle rental. "
"passenger road transportation.  vehicle leasing of sedans or coupes or station wagons. the leasing of sedans or coupes or station wagons for a predefined period of time where the lessee is responsible for maintenance and repair of the vehicle.. "
"passenger road transportation.  limousine or town car service. transportation service using limousines and other luxury vehicles. "
"passenger road transportation.  vehicle leasing of light trucks and sport utility vehicles. leasing of pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles under 1 ton carrying capacity. "
"passenger road transportation.  vehicle leasing of passenger vans or minivans. includes the leasing of minivans or vans for a predetermined period of time. "
"passenger road transportation. sightseeing service by land, except rail. "
"passenger road transportation. road transport of passengers by man-or animal-drawn vehicle. "
"passenger road transportation.  medical evacuation by ambulance. medical evacuation, often shortened to medevac or medivac,is the timely and efficient movement and en route care provided by medical personnel to wounded being evacuated from a battlefield, to injured patients being evacuated from the scene of an accident to receiving medical facilities, or to patients at a rural hospital requiring urgent care at a better-equipped facility using medically equipped ground vehicles (ambulances).. "
"space transportation. . "
"space transportation. experimental or educational missions. "
"intermodal passenger transport services. passenger transport services spanning two or more modes of transport. . "
"intermodal passenger transport services. passenger transport services spanning two or more modes of transport. mixed mode urban and suburban transportation for passengers. "
